Feb 1, 2026
Casally Demo 2.0 Interviews (Kurt Johnson) - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Hi. Uhhuh. Good. Good.
Kurt Johnson: here.
Amber Fu: Hi. Thanks so much for making time today.
Kurt Johnson: Sorry for joining later. I had an issue with my laptop. I was trying to get
Amber Fu: Oh, it's totally fine.
Kurt Johnson: in.
Amber Fu: No pressure at all. Thank you. I'm really appreciate. Well, good to hear you again. And yeah,
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: and so, uh, before I, you know, I show you anything, uh, I just want to make sure like I'm grounding this in what you told me last for from last time. So, uh, stop me if I get anything wrong. Uh I think from our last conversation uh you mentioned something that uh I think you're doing a lot of thing uh right thing but uh probably you're like sticking like heavy usage into the middle of the day try to live off solar as much as possible right okay and
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, exactly.
Amber Fu: uh I remember like without the battery like once a song drops the house is basically have no choice but to go back to the grade.
 
 
00:10:38
 
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And uh and also uh I think you have a kind of a problem with you know the AC EV charging uh and also the kids. So especially it's hard uh management uh in the evening.
Kurt Johnson: Next question.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Perfect. So, uh, when things get expensive at night, like what's the hard harder for you? Like not knowing like when is it switched to the grid or not knowing like what cost the most.
Kurt Johnson: I think both. I think I'll say both.
Amber Fu: Gotcha.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Gotcha. And one last question is like do you want to the app that uh automatically turn things off or uh one that very clear clearly tell you like what to do so you can decide.
Kurt Johnson: I think I' I'd go with the latter.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you. Okay. Sure. So uh let me send you a link
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: and uh let me send you a link.
 
 
00:11:53
 
Amber Fu: Okay. Did you see it? Uh it's in our meeting the the chat with everyone there. Have a
Kurt Johnson: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. And you can open it. Uh let me know if you can open it like and uh when you open it like if you don't mind you can share the screen.
Kurt Johnson: Okay, just a minute.
Amber Fu: Sure. Take your time. Good night. Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Can you can you see it?
Amber Fu: Yeah,
Kurt Johnson: Okay.
Amber Fu: I can see it. Uh, okay. So, um, so before we go uh filter, I want to try something like slightly different today. So, we actually have a two version of the home screen. So ones is our new direction and another are like early version. So uh on the left side you will see the list called the flows. The one called like new home is our new version and another another three are old version rep uh representing different state. So I will ask you look them one by one but please like uh just react naturally.
 
 
00:15:02
 
Kurt Johnson: All right.
Amber Fu: Uh you yeah so uh we can start you can start with one of the older version. Yeah it's it's yeah it's just the attention. Yeah. And you can just you know uh click around and just to see I I will give you you know what I will give you like couple minute you can just you know click around by your side and after you after you finish we can go through together.
Kurt Johnson: All right.
Amber Fu: Sure. Thank you.
Kurt Johnson: Uh, I think we got
Amber Fu: Okay, sure. Uh so let's start with uh do you
Kurt Johnson: text.
Amber Fu: mind go to uh the attention red the do you see left side there have a flows below the flows there have a attention red suggestion yellow normal blue and a new hole. So, do you mind click on the attention red first? Uh,
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, we can go ahead.
Amber Fu: okay. Uh so do you see like uh left uh the left side there have a a flows under the flows there have a like few different things that like did you see like cuz right now you're at a new home.
 
 
00:22:21
 
Amber Fu: Yes. Yes. Exactly. The attention right? Uh no it's it's only the the flows. Did you see the flows? Yeah. Yeah. Attention red. Yes. Exactly this one. Okay. So uh basically those are like the attention red is our old ver version and the new home is our new version. And uh so when you first see like this uh overpay risk and the primary driver, what do you think about that? Uh uh hello. Hey, I I think your mic microphone is a mute. I can't hear you. Uh, hey, I think your um microphone is been mute. Okay. Okay. Sure. Is that
Kurt Johnson: Uh sorry for that.
Amber Fu: Uh,
Kurt Johnson: Uh uh I think you'll have to share your screen from your side.
Amber Fu: it's okay.
Kurt Johnson: Uh my laptop is having some issues so I had to join uh with my phone.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
 
 
00:30:39
 
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Sure. Uh, give me a second. Okay. So, uh let's go to attention red. Uh just give me a sec. Okay. So, when you see a overpay risk and a primary uh primary driver, uh what do you feel? What? What? What do
Kurt Johnson: I feel uh I feel there is uh something that has been brought
Amber Fu: you
Kurt Johnson: to attention uh that now require me to to
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: be able to indulge myself with the app and know what really I'm supposed to do.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And uh so uh so so this like so the over overpay risk is uh something that uh the there are like a moment coming up where you could overpay and uh the number is like uh estimated extra cost exposure. So uh it's it's a risk. It's not like a saving and like the primary driver is uh is one main reason we think it could get expensive and do you think this part is being useful or you think it's kind of
 
 
00:32:39
 
Kurt Johnson: Yeah,
Amber Fu: confusing?
Kurt Johnson: I think it's useful because I think uh as I explor as I was going uh exploring through the app, I noticed that once you click on that uh the option that maybe uh like overpay risk, it gives you that idea of knowing what to do and uh it gives you an analysis of uh what really the problem is and how to move
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: on.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you. And Okay. And also uh there have a the monthly uh monthly bill budget. So for this one uh I want to uh take some time to explain a little bit. So uh the multi bill budget is a kind of different from a most app. So we are uh it's not like a optimization target. So we're not try to push your bill as low as possible but it's more like a a tolerance boundary. So you're just telling the system, oh if my bill end up about the n this number, I feel like something went wrong or I want to earlier warning.
 
 
00:33:58
 
Amber Fu: So uh the this is bas basically your personal uh setable boundary uh not a saving target. Uh, for example, like um so if your average uh from the last three months bill is average, let's say like a $200 per month and uh you know for some time like during the winter uh the the bill goes up a little bit, right? So we're trying to you know um make no surprise bill. So if the uh you customers to choose like maybe during the winter um choose like oh I want to below the $200. So you can choose that target and the system will help you achieve that goal.
Kurt Johnson: I think there's a it's an incredible option whereby I think it it is
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Kurt Johnson: it it I think it relies more on savings and also gives uh the client uh a proper plan on how to to plan for their
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: for their usage on a monthly basis.
Amber Fu: Yes. Yes. So you know because like for those ideas is more like uh when uh we talk certain users and they always think uh I want to you know every month I I I don't need any surprise bill first and the second is I want to you know uh maybe every month I can save like $20 or $30 will be great.
 
 
00:35:38
 
Amber Fu: So this is the idea is like we uh try to let the customer set their goal and then we help them to achieve that goal.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, that is exactly uh what I also getting from it.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And we can uh close that and to see and and the the next one will be the suggestion card. Well, uh so the first suggestion card is is more like you know uh the system will uh just like tell you what to do how how you can you know save more money and and then tell you like uh explain you what's happening why it's matter and the x might uh impact in dollar so you uh you could just you know click on the apply plan. So, just be super clear. So, we're not changing your Tesla setting in the background or like any EV any EV car setting in the background. So, when you tap apply, we will send you to the Tesla or either any uh any car you you have and you will confirm in the in the your your side.
 
 
00:37:02
 
Amber Fu: So uh you can stay totally in control.
Kurt Johnson: Okay.
Amber Fu: Uh
Kurt Johnson: I think I think I think that's okay because uh it does not uh entirely denote
Amber Fu: so
Kurt Johnson: the uh the notion of you don't have control over over what you're going to be to do. I think the app is just like a trigger just like uh just like maybe uh say a prequite for you know on what to do.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Oh,
Kurt Johnson: It does not uh do away with the human control.
Amber Fu: I can. Yes. And I can click on the apply plan and you can see what's going on. And then yeah, send to to the Tesla and you just Yeah. Like that. And also uh you see like this suggestion card and they have a review all and the review all will send to you to the event page. Uh so this is like the event page. This is basically like anything and euro happened uh we will show on the event page.
 
 
00:38:18
 
Amber Fu: It's more like ledgers you know. uh let's click on the EV charging during the high price. So this will give you like the really details such like what happened why is matter how impact. So basically you know uh the system will tell you what to do but a lot of uh users will think oh why why you suggest like that. So we will give you like a really detail like what happening and what is m matter and like how yeah so we try
Kurt Johnson: Okay.
Amber Fu: to not you know make you user think this is kind of black box or anything.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. And we can go back. So you can see like in the event page there have a like those are things happen events and euro. So uh we will like all the and euro event we will uh show it on the event page. Okay. So we can go back to the home and the next one is a power outage warning. Uh so this is not usually will show there like uh when it show there is like you know the power outage before the power outage.
 
 
00:39:43
 
Amber Fu: So uh basically this is uh it's another event that not about your bill limits like you know outage warning. They're separate because they're not about saving they're about re reliability. Yeah. And uh and next one is a device. So this is about like you know some people they have a solar but the the solar is offline or breakdown they don't know like immediately. So this is like we help customer to see if their uh if you their device is still available
Kurt Johnson: All
Amber Fu: and and yeah and a last one is a usage.
Kurt Johnson: right.
Amber Fu: So this is like uh compare your usage today from like like average. Yeah. So yeah. So like uh this is all about like the home screen. Um what what do you think about this? Like what's your first reaction? And like is there anything you think is useful or is there anything you think you still can improve?
Kurt Johnson: I I I I am seeing uh I'm seeing some uh some really cool features whereby you're triggering one to to get to know more about maybe a certain warning.
 
 
00:41:18
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah. So, and that now like gives the user that that peace of mind knowing that uh you get a particular one in and it it does give you advice on what to do. uh and also gives you an analysis on how on
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: why this happened, how and the impact it has on uh on your total billing and also maybe the impact it has maybe also uh on how the cost will be calculated. Uh I think uh maybe comparing now this to the new to the new home. Uh I am seeing a lot of improvements in the new home in terms of how
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: uh the user interface is actually structured and uh because
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: uh it is it is more of this now but with a lot of improvements. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got you. And uh we can go to the uh the new new home. Uh I will show you the the new version. So this is our new update version.
 
 
00:42:35
 
Amber Fu: So uh you know like we uh have some a little bit change uh change. The first is we uh change the like device studies to the upfront. You can see there have like a three little logo. Uh you can see like you know like the solar there have a little logo there have online and the power wall they have like the battery remind. So uh this is uh yeah it's that's another change and also the monthly bill budget and there have achieved and uh the another big change is like uh we have a suggestion card which a sublet automatic and menu. So the menu you still can go to your Tesla setting and but the automatic will just help you to do it on our end.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, I have seen also uh a lot of a lot of information at the at the homepage and uh I'm able like to get almost everything uh from the
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: homepage. I think this is a uh quite a nice improvement because I'm able to know uh after maybe uh this particular one in I'm going to this particular one in and the
 
 
00:43:59
 
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: fact that uh the monthly bill budget is the the first thing that is portrayed there it gives me that uh peace of mind knowing that uh did I be was I be
Amber Fu: Uh, hi girl. I think I kind of uh
Kurt Johnson: achieve uh before is it 64 60%.
Amber Fu: I Yeah, sorry.
Kurt Johnson: Yes.
Amber Fu: I I kind of I kind of like disconnect. I think your your side is kind of disconnect for like two minutes. is so I didn't really hear like what you're saying. Sorry.
Kurt Johnson: Oh, sorry. Sorry.
Amber Fu: Yes,
Kurt Johnson: Uh can you hear me now?
Amber Fu: I can hear you now.
Kurt Johnson: Okay. Sorry for that. I don't know what's happening today.
Amber Fu: It's okay. It's okay. It's totally
Kurt Johnson: Uh yeah.
Amber Fu: fine.
Kurt Johnson: So yeah uh I was saying uh from what I can see is uh the user was able to achieve a certain percentage of their monthly bill budget and it's over 50% which is actually not something that is something that is commendable and uh the fact that also all these other wines are portrayed on the homepage like uh the TRA charging the the peak hour for the peak hour saving and also the off peak charging.
 
 
00:45:47
 
Kurt Johnson: I think that now that now gives that the client uh a picture of what uh is happening and what they they ought to do. uh I and having it on the first like on the first uh
Amber Fu: Uh
Kurt Johnson: uh tab or uh on the homepage tells you that you don't have to navigate through all the options just to to come here and uh you know navigating to the other options
Amber Fu: okay.
Kurt Johnson: is upon now you first handling what is on the homepage I think that's a very commendable improvement from you guys and uh it gives the client like uh everything under one roof all under one tub kind of thing.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And uh we can uh I will scroll down a little bit for the usage. Uh so the the usage part you you can see like we uh also uh change a little bit different. So we separate hourly, daily and monthly and there have like off peak on pig. So uh the off peak of green means like a cheaper and the the red means expensive.
 
 
00:47:00
 
Amber Fu: So uh but for this uh usage part do you think like any maybe any number you want to see but still missing.
Kurt Johnson: No, I don't think so because I can see the hourly usage,
Amber Fu: Oh.
Kurt Johnson: the daily and the monthly.
Amber Fu: Oh yeah. Okay. Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Maybe uh maybe just to maybe a weekly a weekly a weekly usage can be added but I I don't think it's really that important because uh but it it can Yeah, I think a weekly would would also make sense because uh maybe on a particular week maybe the usage was higher.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you. Got you. And uh Okay. Right now we can go to the saving. So uh so okay so uh well well I want to spend some uh time on the savings. So this is uh the uh so one quick note is before we dive in this is not like your save money report. It's more like risk and proof letter.
 
 
00:48:15
 
Amber Fu: So it show like where you were uh exposed to extra costs under your rate plan and why. So basically so you can see that at the top they have a saving page and a bill page. So uh we uh separate this into two types saving and bills. So saving is more like our side. It's like the cost risk. We detect it from like the customer behavior and the timing and the bills is like a utility side. It's like what showed up on your bill. So when you see like a $56 the that that number is it's like a risk cost. So we detected the incur uh current billing period basically like if you repeat those pattern this amount that be tends to show up to extra cost exposure and uh and for the chart well uh it's helped the help you to see whether your risk is closure is getting better or worth over the
Kurt Johnson: Uh
Amber Fu: And uh any anything you you feel confusing or
Kurt Johnson: yeah
Amber Fu: like maybe unuseful?
 
 
00:49:38
 
Amber Fu: Anything?
Kurt Johnson: uh I think maybe the my question would be how now uh at risk cost is
Amber Fu: Oh,
Kurt Johnson: calculated.
Amber Fu: how we calculate it?
Kurt Johnson: Yeah. Uh the first option uh the at risk cost
Amber Fu: Yeah, cuz you can see like uh so okay go back uh go back. Okay, so you can see okay uh let me explain. So first we have you know the this kind of little like equation or definition like a race cost is the sum of each event extra cost. So this is a like a letter event by event not a big black box number and also we have uh down down here like down the below there have uh we break the risk ledger into the category like EV soldier uh solar and the power wall like so each row shows like how many time in the billing period and like it estimate total extra cost exposure from the category. So uh let me show you like there have a for example the EV. So their EV appear for time.
 
 
00:51:04
 
Amber Fu: So means like a four events in the billing period. And when you see like click on the detail there have a bottom sheet uh to to to to show like what happened why matter how we calculate and what to do next. Yeah.
Kurt Johnson: Okay.
Amber Fu: And how we calculate Yeah.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, I think
Amber Fu: How we calculate this is like a proof the kilowatt or the the the peak rate the
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: off peak rate and the the mass. So we want to to be like outable.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, I get it
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: now.
Amber Fu: What? Okay. And uh we can go back uh go back and also uh there have a bill uh bill type. The bill type is basically is you know the when you receive your month bill they will show up here. But uh how we get get that is we uh we connect with your utility account. So we can have that and show show on this page and and the the scroll down a little bit there have a true up and under the true up there uh there have a three uh drivers.
 
 
00:52:50
 
Amber Fu: So those are the the top drivers uh could cost. So we believe like a contribute the most to your bill outcome is our best explanation of the biggest levels.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah. Uh uh maybe one thing I would suggest here is uh on the monthly on the monthly bill maybe you can also like uh can you go up a bit on the monthly
Amber Fu: Uh-huh. Okay.
Kurt Johnson: bill?
Amber Fu: Sure.
Kurt Johnson: uh I think uh I would suggest uh also calibrarating that in uh in week one, week two, week three, week four and now summing it all up uh in the in the instance that a client can be able to see uh week one the usage was this much, week two the usage was this much and week three and maybe probably yeah probably what what
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: week maybe either led to an overspend in the billing Which week maybe was higher in terms of
Amber Fu: Okay. Gotcha.
Kurt Johnson: savings?
Amber Fu: So, it's kind of like a breakdown. Got you.
 
 
00:54:04
 
Amber Fu: Got you. Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Exactly.
Amber Fu: And and also uh we can click on the view more and the view more. Uh we will go to the bill proof. So bill proof is a page that uh simply checking whether field specific bill line item match what we actually detected from your solar EV and battery. So like you know think about like checking a receipt at a grocery store. So we are not seeing that like whole receipt is wrong. We're just looking at a few item we can clearly recognize and asking oh does this looks right. So yeah so um so the this number doesn't means like you were overcharged it mean like based on the data we saw we expect this specific line to be around x but the bill shows why. So this is a just a difference worth to double check.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think uh Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: I think uh and now uh I think now this one gives a a client like a a picture of uh from the data.
 
 
00:55:35
 
Kurt Johnson: Now you uh the app has collected the expectations for for versus what was built and uh it is now like now for for this kind of uh maybe example shows that uh what was built is actually less than what was
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: expected and uh they were able to they were able like
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: uh they were able to like save on uh on the cost itself.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: I think that gives an idea of uh of maybe what to expect and also also like guides you on uh how maybe to reduce the the billing charges.
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. Okay, that's that's helpful. And uh except that is there anything you think maybe we're still missing or any like uh if you could change things
Kurt Johnson: Uh, no. Not uh right.
Amber Fu: like
Kurt Johnson: Uhhuh. Uh, right now I don't think so. Uh, maybe I just uh maybe I'd like to maybe ask on the on the help button. Uh, I didn't see that in the homepage,
 
 
00:56:53
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Kurt Johnson: but I uh can you go back to the
Amber Fu: Yes,
Kurt Johnson: homepage
Amber Fu: sure.
Kurt Johnson: uh on your top uh there's a there's an icon for messaging. Yeah. On the the other side. Yeah. Uh that uh that is for notification. Okay. Uh, I didn't see a help button on the homepage.
Amber Fu: Oh, help.
Kurt Johnson: Probably when one is stuck, but uh,
Amber Fu: Um.
Kurt Johnson: but I think it's I think it's in the profile if I'm not
Amber Fu: Oh,
Kurt Johnson: wrong.
Amber Fu: yeah. The help, but I we have it. We have the uh Oh, okay. So, we don't have an We have an old version. Yeah. The help and
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, maybe uh if you could add an icon on the homepage to make it easier for
Amber Fu: support.
Kurt Johnson: accessibility for maybe uh a new client who maybe hasn't really interacted with the app, but uh add maybe a help button and maybe uh like a user guide on how to navigate through the app.
 
 
00:58:07
 
Kurt Johnson: I think that's it.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. So uh so like one more question is like when after you seeing this app uh do you think they uh this app can really so like help you to uh like lower your bill or like really help you to save money. And also I want to ask like uh so in what situation or what time period you think this app worth to paying it?
Kurt Johnson: Well, I think it does solve a lot of problems and it is worth paying because it is it is like a shadow of what I would really like do manually and uh it is a
Amber Fu: Let's
Kurt Johnson: personal guide per say and uh it's it does solve many of my problems as a as a user. So I I don't see why I shouldn't I shouldn't pay for it because also uh the developers and people behind it also did get paid and for that to happen uh yeah they
Amber Fu: go.
Kurt Johnson: the they they've listened I think they've listened to uh customer feedback and uh it is an app that is really trying to integrate everything at stake. So I don't see why I wouldn't pay for it.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Kurt Johnson: Uh yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Sure. And you know um so so this app still not live yet. So once once alive uh I want to invite you to you know try it in real life.
Kurt Johnson: Yeah, I'll be glad.
Amber Fu: Yeah to you know just to see like is it really work or it doesn't work and and you know we just what we invite you as a early user help us to shape the product and we will make sure there are uh uh in institive for you time.
Kurt Johnson: All right. That that uh that is really nice. You let me know. Yeah, I'll do. Uh thank you so much for having me and sorry for the news shops here. You too. Take care. Bye-bye.
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:00:50

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
