12. Byron Dare

00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Hi. Hi. How are you?
Amber Fu：你好。你好。你好吗？
Byron Dare: Good.  拜伦·戴尔：很好。
Amber Fu: Nice to see you again. And uh well, thank you so much for taking time for this. And uh today uh I will show you like the new version of our demo and you know to see like if this can really help
Amber Fu：很高兴再次见到你。还有，非常感谢你抽时间来。今天，呃，我会给你们展示我们演示的新版本，看看这是否真的能帮上忙
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: you uh to solve your problem. Uh I will send you link through the uh meeting. Uh give me a
Amber Fu：你，呃，解决你的问题。呃，我会通过会议发链接给你。呃，给我一个
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: second. Okay. Did you see it?
Amber Fu：第二名。好的。你看到了吗？
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: Should I click on it?
拜伦·戴尔：我应该点进去吗？
Amber Fu: Yes.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Disappeared.  拜伦·戴尔：消失了。
Amber Fu: I'll disappear. Uh let me send you one more time.
Amber Fu：我会消失。呃，我再发一次。
Byron Dare: Okay. Yeah, I I see it.
拜伦·戴尔：好的。是的，我看到了。
Amber Fu: Okay, perfect.  Amber Fu：好的，完美。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Uh if if you don't mind, you can uh share the
Amber Fu：呃，如果你不介意的话，可以分享一下
Byron Dare: Okay. Uh,  拜伦·戴尔：好的。呃，
Amber Fu: screen.  安柏·傅：屏幕。
Byron Dare: let's see. See? Uh, how do you do
拜伦·戴尔：让我想想。看见了吗？呃，你好
Amber Fu: Oh. Uh so in our meeting, did you see it?
Amber Fu：哦。呃，那我们会议上，你看到了吗？
 
 
00:01:49
 
Byron Dare: that?  拜伦·戴尔：那个？
Amber Fu: And there I have a bottom there have the share screen icon uh next to the turn off the camera thing in in our meeting.
Amber Fu：下面有个分享屏幕图标，就在我们会议里关闭摄像头的图标旁边。
Byron Dare: Go back to meeting or
拜伦·戴尔：回到会议，或者
Amber Fu: Yes, the meeting. Yeah, meeting. You can go back to the meeting and uh did you see like this uh there the bottom there have a icon next to the turn off the camera. So there have a like share the screen in the
Amber Fu：是的，就是那次会议。是的，见面。你可以回到会议现场，呃，你看到了吗？下面那边有个图标，旁边是关闭摄像头。所以有个喜欢的共享屏幕功能
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: middle.  Amber Fu：中间。
Byron Dare: Okay. Uh share screen or window
拜伦·戴尔：好的。呃，共享屏幕或窗口
Amber Fu: Yeah,  Amber Fu：是的，
Byron Dare: screen.  拜伦·戴尔：银幕。
Amber Fu: share screen.  Amber Fu：分享屏幕。
Byron Dare: Well, I get that. Uh, it kind of grayed out. Um, share entire screen. I did click on that, but it's um everything's kind of gray.
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，我明白。呃，画面有点灰掉了。嗯，共享整个屏幕。我点开了那个，但画面有点灰色。
Amber Fu: It's okay. Uh, let me see.
Amber Fu：没关系。呃，让我看看。
Byron Dare: Oh, wait, wait.
拜伦·戴尔：哦，等等。
Amber Fu: Did you Oh,  Amber Fu：你有吗，哦，
Byron Dare: Sharon.  拜伦·戴尔：莎朗。
Amber Fu: yes. Yes, exactly. Yeah, that's right.
Amber Fu：是的。是的，完全正确。是的，没错。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: And you can click and then you can click
Amber Fu：你可以点击，然后点击
Byron Dare: So, show my show my screen
拜伦·戴尔：那么，给我的节目展示我的屏幕
 
 
00:03:43
 
Amber Fu: the Yes. And then you can click on on the link where I sent to
Amber Fu：是的。然后你可以点击我发给的链接
Byron Dare: anyone.  拜伦·戴尔：任何人都行。
Amber Fu: you. Yes.  Amber Fu：你。是的。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Yes. Perfect.  Amber Fu：是的。完美。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Uh wait. Okay. Uh Okay. So, so you can uh wait there have the I tried to see like there have actually they should be have something on the left side. Uh, so there have Actually they they should have like they have a like a flows under the left side. Uh let me see what what I should Okay. Uh Do do you mind uh re refresh the page?
安柏·傅：呃，等等。好的。呃，好吧。所以，你可以在那里等，我试着看过，实际上他们应该在左侧有东西。呃，实际上它们应该有，比如左侧下方有流动。呃，让我想想我该怎么做。好的。呃，你介意重新刷新页面吗？
Byron Dare: Okay. Okay, now it has something on the left
拜伦·戴尔：好的。好了，现在左边有东西了
Amber Fu: Okay, perfect. So, okay. So, there have a new home.
Amber Fu：好的，完美。好吧。所以，有了新家。
Byron Dare: side.  拜伦·戴尔：一边。
Amber Fu: Yes, exactly. Okay. So, uh you can you can you know I give you like a couple minute you can uh look uh like click around a little bit. Uh for the home screen you can uh drag click and drag.
Amber Fu：是的，完全正确。好的。所以，呃，你可以，你知道，我给你几分钟时间，你可以看看，嗯，四处点点。呃，主屏幕你可以拖动、点击和拖拽。
 
 
00:07:50
 
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh let me know like when you finish I can go we can go over
Amber Fu：好的。呃，你说完告诉我，我可以走，我们可以过去
Byron Dare: Yeah. Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。好的。
Amber Fu: together.  Amber Fu：一起。
Byron Dare: I've I've gone through it.
拜伦·戴尔：我经历过。
Amber Fu: Okay. Sure. Sure. So uh let's go back to the home screen.
Amber Fu：好的。当然。当然。那么，呃，我们回到主屏幕。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Okay. So, uh we can uh we can go back to the home home screen.
Amber Fu：好的。所以，呃，我们可以回到主屏幕。
Byron Dare: Um the meeting screen or the uh
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，会议屏幕还是那个
Amber Fu: Uh the home screen.
Amber Fu：呃，主屏幕。
Byron Dare: which this  拜伦·戴尔：这个
Amber Fu: The home Uh a home a home
Amber Fu：家，呃，家，家
Byron Dare: one home  拜伦·戴尔：一户人家
Amber Fu: screen. Yeah, you can click on the home screen.
安柏·傅：屏幕。是的，你可以点击主屏幕。
Byron Dare: screen  拜伦·戴尔：屏幕
Amber Fu: Yes, exactly. Okay, perfect. So, um so uh if you don't mind, c can you like drag down like scroll uh up a little bit? Uh yeah, up. Okay, perfect. So, yeah.
Amber Fu：是的，完全正确。好，完美。所以，呃，如果你不介意的话，能不能往下拉，往上拉一点？呃，是的，上去。好，完美。所以，是的。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: So like at the top like we show device uh connectly because like uh uh you know like if solar or power was offline you want to know immediately like that's like real world fact.
Amber Fu：所以在顶部，我们展示的是设备，呃，连接，因为你知道，如果太阳能或电力离线了，你会想立刻知道，这就像现实世界的事实一样。
 
 
00:09:29
 
Amber Fu: So at the top you can see like there have a little bit logo there. Do you see like online icon the solar icon and the cars icon? So those are show the connection about your device and
Amber Fu：顶部你可以看到有个小标志。你看到了在线图标、太阳能图标和汽车图标吗？所以这些会显示你设备的连接情况，并且
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: yes and there have uh the monthly bill budget. Yeah, I I I remember from our last conversation.
Amber Fu：是的，还有每月账单预算。是的，我记得我们上次谈话时的事。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: I think I I I think I mentioned that like what what what was the monthly bill budget is but I still can. Yeah. So basically the monthly bill budget is you know it's kind of like uh it's not like a automization target. is more like uh you know the like a to tolerance boundary you know you just you know telling the system like oh if my bill end up about this number I feel like something went wrong and I want to early warning so uh for example like uh you can click on the $170
Amber Fu：我想我，我想我提过每月账单预算是多少，但我仍然可以理解。是的。基本上，每月账单预算就是，它有点像，呃，它不是一个自动化目标。更像是，呃，你知道，比如说，关于容忍范围的界限，你就是告诉系统，比如，如果我的账单变成了这个数字，我觉得出了问题，我想提前预警，比如说，你可以点击 170 美元。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: uh yeah you can click Uh yes.
Amber Fu：呃，可以点，呃，是的。
Byron Dare: Okay, I see it.
拜伦·戴尔：好的，我明白了。
Amber Fu: So those are kind of like uh you know uh we basically we are uh based on the user last uh last three months bill and the rate plan and we give you like a average number.
Amber Fu：所以这些数据基本上是基于用户过去三个月的账单和费率计划，给出一个平均数字。
 
 
00:11:06
 
Amber Fu: For example, like for this user, uh uh his last three payment were like around like $200. So, we gave him like three options, you know,
Amber Fu：比如说，这个用户，他最近三次付款大约是 200 美元左右。所以，我们给了他三个选择，你知道，
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: cuz uh uh because like for the season like sometime like winter or summer uh the bill will goes up and I think nobody want to like a surprise bill, right?
Amber Fu：因为呃呃，因为像是冬季或夏季，剧情涨价，我觉得没人想喜欢突然的账单，对吧？
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: So this is something that we help user to uh set up like set up a boundary and the system will uh uh help the user achieve the goal. Yeah.
Amber Fu：所以这是我们帮助用户设定界限的东西，系统会帮助用户实现目标。是的。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: So basically what what the uh muscle fuel budget means.
Amber Fu：基本上就是“肌肉燃料预算”的含义。
Byron Dare: Right.  拜伦·戴尔：没错。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Okay, that's good.
拜伦·戴尔：好的，那很好。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: Uh but do uh the user has to send you the bills so that you
拜伦·戴尔：呃，但是用户必须把账单寄给你，这样你
Amber Fu: Oh no, actually actually we just uh will let you connect uh log in
Amber Fu：哦不，实际上我们只是让你连接，登录
Byron Dare: know.  拜伦·戴尔：知道。
Amber Fu: your utility account and connect your account uh in our app.
Amber Fu：你的公用事业账户，然后在我们的应用里连接你的账户。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: So uh that will be it and we can we can close that.
Amber Fu：那就这样，我们就可以结束了。
 
 
00:12:32
 
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: And the next is like a more like a suggestion card. So, uh this is something that you know uh for example like uh there have a like what happened and the reason and what to do next and there have like a two options one is automatic and another is menu.
Amber Fu：接下来更像是一张建议卡。比如说，有两个选项，一个自动选项，一个是自动的，另一个是菜单。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Uh so for automatic is more like uh we help you handle it and the menu is like you can do by your side to go to your either like the EV charging setting like Tesla or something. Yeah. So uh let me see.
Amber Fu：呃，自动挡更像是我们帮你作，菜单里可以选择进入类似特斯拉的电动车充电设置。是的。那，呃，让我想想。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. So this card is kind of more like a you know actionable moment. Uh so just we will just tell you like oh what's happening right now and what to do and uh like uh when when uh like exactly when the time window and so this is kind of like a reason action and time and you can uh click more more detail to see. So this is kind of event page.
Amber Fu：是的。所以这张卡更像是一个可作的时刻。呃，我们会告诉你现在发生了什么，该怎么做，呃，什么时候，具体什么时候，时间窗口，这算是原因、动作和时间，你可以点击更多细节来查看。这算是一个活动页面。
 
 
00:13:46
 
Amber Fu: So we lead you to the event page.
Amber Fu：我们带你进入活动页面。
Byron Dare: Good.  拜伦·戴尔：很好。
Amber Fu: uh you know some I I think uh some people they they they always want to know like oh why the system suggest suggest that like that so this page is like more detail page yeah it's just tell you the
Amber Fu：呃，你知道一些人，我觉得，有些人总是想知道，比如为什么系统建议那样，比如说这个页面，比如说，这个页面更详细，是的，它就是告诉你
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: reason yeah you can go back so the question
Amber Fu：理由是的，你可以回去，所以问题是
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: is like for yeah so for this for the suggestion card we can go back to the home. Yeah.
Amber Fu：是的，所以为了这个建议卡，我们可以回到家里。是的。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: So for the suggestion card is basically like you know uh there are two option but do you want the system to handle the routine decision for you or do you want to like approve each time?
Amber Fu：关于建议卡，基本上就是，你知道，呃，有两个选项，但你是想让系统帮你处理常规决策，还是每次都批准？
Byron Dare: Uh probably uh I think automatic would be
拜伦·戴尔：呃，可能，呃，我觉得自动的应该是
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: better.  拜伦·戴尔：更好了。
Amber Fu: Got you.  安柏·傅：明白了。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Got you. And uh we can drag down a little bit. Yeah. So, uh next next thing is like a power outage warning. Well, it's card is and this is not like about saving money.
安柏·傅：明白了。呃，我们可以稍微拉低一点。是的。接下来，接下来是停电警告。嗯，这张卡是，这不是省钱的问题。
 
 
00:15:05
 
Amber Fu: It's about like a reliability. So uh you know it's here because uh the user to really like told us oh the most stressful moment are the moment you're not sure if you will be okay. So we try to make the same pattern like what happening what you do and when. So this is like the and this is you know before usually like before the power outage warning like before let's see uh if we uh notice uh from the utility uh like f first place we will immediately
Amber Fu：这主要是一种可靠性。所以，呃，你知道它在这里，是因为用户真的告诉我们，哦，最紧张的时刻就是你不确定自己是否会没事的那一刻。所以我们会尝试形成同样的模式，比如发生什么、做什么、什么时候发生。所以这通常是停电警告之前，我们看看，呃，如果我们从公用事业公司发现，呃，首先，我们会立刻
Byron Dare: Oops.  拜伦·戴尔：哎呀。
Amber Fu: tell the user like oh maybe after 24 hours they'll be have some like power outage and the system will help the user to guide them uh you know what to do next maybe you know, charge your use your solar charge your power wers and then the EV.
Amber Fu：告诉用户，比如“哦，也许 24 小时后会发生停电”，系统会帮助用户引导他们，呃，你知道接下来该做什么，充电、使用太阳能、充电、充电、电力，然后是电动车。
Byron Dare: Okay, that's uh if there's a rolling blackout that they announce,
拜伦·戴尔：好的，如果他们宣布滚动停电，
Amber Fu: Yes.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: but uh but not um like a sudden unexpected one like um if there's a rainstorm or
拜伦·戴尔：但是，呃，但不是那种突然、意想不到的事，比如，如果有雨天或者
Amber Fu: Um yes. Uh well also we will uh detect from the like you know the weather.
Amber Fu：嗯，是的。呃，我们还会从类似的环境探测天气。
 
 
00:16:26
 
Amber Fu: So if if there have like maybe you know like that tomorrow they will have a storm or some or like the really like terrible weather then we also will have the warning for the user to just you know make sure be
Amber Fu：如果明天有风暴或者非常糟糕的天气，我们也会提醒用户一定要注意
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: ready. Yeah. And uh we can uh drag down a little bit.
Amber Fu：准备好了。是的。呃，我们可以稍微拉低一点。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. And the the last part for the home is like a usage. So we are trying to you know make this for lightweight. So we are now trying to you know turn the user to the energy analysis but but the reason we add like off peak and pig you can see it's just to make the cost difference at the gallons. So uh you see like there the green is like the cheap hour and the the red is like the expensive hour.
Amber Fu：是的。最后一部分是关于家庭的用途。所以我们正在尝试做这个轻量化的。所以我们现在正试图让用户参与能源分析，但我们添加像非高峰和猪油这样的原因，你可以看到，这只是为了在加仑上节省成本差异。所以，你看，绿灯是便宜时段，红灯是昂贵时段。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. Okay. So that that will be that will be it for the home.
Amber Fu：是的。好的。所以，这房子就到此为止了。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Uh is there any like part you feel like confusing or I mean like any part like you feel like useful?
Amber Fu：呃，有没有什么部分你觉得困惑，或者说你觉得有用的任何部分？
 
 
00:17:50
 
Byron Dare: Um, yeah. Every everything's good here. I
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，是的。这里一切都很好。我
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh, is there anything we're still
Amber Fu：好的。呃，我们还有什么事吗
Byron Dare: think  拜伦·戴尔：想想
Amber Fu: missing? Like  Amber Fu：失踪？比如
Byron Dare: uh the only only thing would be uh I mentioned the power outage warning if it's
拜伦·戴尔：呃，唯一需要注意的是，呃，我提到了停电警告，如果是
Amber Fu: anything?  Amber Fu：有什么消息吗？
Byron Dare: um like a sudden you know not um I know some places they have rolling blackouts um but Um I think people are kind concerned about uh like a sudden one that's not announced um because like a storm
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，就是突然停电，你知道，我知道有些地方会轮流停电，嗯，但我觉得人们会担心，呃，比如突然停电，而且没有提前宣布，嗯，因为像暴风雨一样
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: or u accident or something like that um
拜伦·戴尔：或者你出了事故之类的，嗯
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: because then uh uh you know people aren't prepared for that. I mean like if it's if it's announce then things like um your food in your freezer refrigerator you know
拜伦·戴尔：因为那样的话，呃，你知道，人们还没准备好面对这种情况。比如说，如果是公告，比如说你的食物在冰箱里，你知道的
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: you could sort of take uh precautions.
拜伦·戴尔：你可以采取某种预防措施。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: Uh but then if it's like a a sudden one then uh you don't know how long it's going to last and you know you don't you don't prepare for
拜伦·戴尔：呃，但如果是突然的，那你不知道会持续多久，你也不知道，你不会为此做准备
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: uh like keeping all your your food in your freezer uh frozen or uh if you have to move it someplace to like a like a real freezer or things like that.
拜伦·戴尔：呃，比如把所有食物都冷冻保存在冰箱里，或者如果需要搬到某个地方，比如真正的冷冻柜之类的。
 
 
00:19:31
 
Amber Fu: Got you.  安柏·傅：明白了。
Byron Dare: So it yeah um so I think that's um like the sudden ones are kind of uh more scary to uh homeowners. I know PG& does uh they send you a text saying you know there's an outage and then they send you texts saying uh you know we think we will restore it by a certain time and when they restore it then they send you another text saying that it's been restored.
拜伦·戴尔：所以，是的，嗯，我觉得，嗯，突然出现的那些，呃，对房主来说，呃，更吓人。我知道 PG&，他们会发短信告诉你你知道有断线，然后发短信说我们预计会在某个时间恢复，恢复后又发短信说恢复了？
Amber Fu: got you. And uh I think maybe you're kind of uh offline the a share screen. Do you mind try one more time the share screen bottom?
Amber Fu：明白了。呃，我觉得你可能有点，呃，分享界面下线了。你介意再试一次分享界面的页面吗？
Byron Dare: Yeah, I clicked it. Yeah,
拜伦·戴尔：是的，我点了。是的
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: I clicked it. Um uh kind of kind of grayed out. Um it's not responding.
拜伦·戴尔：我点了。嗯，有点灰暗。嗯，它没有反应。
Amber Fu: It's it's okay. Or maybe
Amber Fu：没关系。或者也许
Byron Dare: Okay. Uh okay.
拜伦·戴尔：好的。呃，好吧。
Amber Fu: like  Amber Fu：喜欢
Byron Dare: Um I clicked that again. the uh
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，我又点了一次。呃
Amber Fu: Okay, perfect. See?
Amber Fu：好的，完美。看见了吗？
Byron Dare: Okay, because there's a icon like on the top left that says um you know the
拜伦·戴尔：好的，因为左上角有个图标写着，嗯，你知道
 
 
00:21:14
 
Amber Fu: Yes.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: in the instructions are not all on the bottom. There's a like one on the top. Okay.
拜伦·戴尔：说明书里并不全都在底部。顶部还有一个类似的。好的。
Amber Fu: Card  琥珀·傅作为卡牌
Byron Dare: Okay. I think I think I'm back with you here. Is it working now for you?
拜伦·戴尔：好的。我想我又回来了。现在对你有效吗？
Amber Fu: Yes, I can see it.
Amber Fu：是的，我能看到。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Thank you.  Amber Fu：谢谢你。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Got you. And um so so uh how about you think how how about you feel like a monthly bill budget
安柏·傅：明白了。然后，嗯，所以，呃，你想想，怎么样，你感觉像个每月账单预算
Byron Dare: Um,  拜伦·戴尔：一，
Amber Fu: cuz you know like uh so for yeah for like the monthly bill budget is
Amber Fu：因为你知道，呃，月账单预算是
Byron Dare: yeah, that's  拜伦·戴尔：是的，就是这样
Amber Fu: kind of like not a goal but it's maybe like more comfort boundary like you know like
Amber Fu：有点像不是目标，但更像是舒适的界限，你知道的
Byron Dare: good.  拜伦·戴尔：很好。
Amber Fu: you're not telling telling the app like how low your bill should be, but you're telling it like, "Oh, if my bill goes above this, I want to know earlier and I want to help before it's come a surprise." Yeah. So, it's like very different from like a traditional budget.
Amber Fu：你不是告诉应用账单应该有多低，而是告诉它，“哦，如果账单超过这个，我想早点知道，想在意外出现之前帮忙。”是的。所以，这和传统的预算非常不同。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: So, we are not trying to automize your bail to lowest possible, but we're definitely not like forcing you to change your lifestyle.
Amber Fu：所以，我们并不是想把你的保释金压缩到最低，但我们绝对不会强迫你改变生活方式。
 
 
00:22:41
 
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: So,  Amber Fu：那么，
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: That's that's good.
拜伦·戴尔：那很好。
Amber Fu: So like the you know like the the different people have a different tolerance. So maybe some people totally fine with like a $300 bill but another start feeling like a stressful once this goes above like 150 or something. Yeah. And like you know like once you set that the boundary like everything else in the
Amber Fu：所以，你知道，不同的人有不同的容忍度。所以也许有些人对 300 美元的钞票完全没问题，但一旦超过 150 美元左右，就会开始感到压力山大。是的。就像你知道的，一旦你设定了界限，就像其他所有事情一样
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: app will become re very ver uh relevant to you like the same event can mean very different thing to different people. Let's see like uh if you choose maybe so your average bill probably maybe like a $200 right if like for example your average every month you pay like $200 bill and
Amber Fu：应用会变得非常非常相关，就像同一个事件对不同人来说可能有很大不同意义。比如说，如果你选“也许”，你的平均账单大概是 200 美元左右，比如说你每个月平均每月付 200 美元左右
Byron Dare: It's  拜伦·戴尔：是的
Amber Fu: then from the start of this month you're you feel like okay I want to say $50 I want to set the the bounc budget maybe like 150 right and then the system will help you achieve the goal but how can we do that is like We keep give you like any you know suggestion for smart use electricity like any like I we will help you avoid any expensive hour and using the cheap hour.
Amber Fu：那么从本月初开始，你会觉得，好吧，我想说 50 美元，我想设定回弹预算，大概 150 美元，然后系统会帮你实现目标，但我们怎么做？我们会不断给你一些智能用电的建议，比如我，我们会帮你避免昂贵的使用时间。利用廉价时段。
 
 
00:23:58
 
Amber Fu: If you have a solar, we will uh strongly recommend you to use a free solar uh use the solar and to to uh for the home load something like
Amber Fu：如果你有太阳能，我们强烈建议你使用免费的太阳能，或者给家里装载类似的东西
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: that.  Amber Fu：就是那个。
Byron Dare: Yeah, I know. Um my uh my daughter's house, they uh they're not really uh energy conscious cuz they uh like at night they leave lights on and even though uh there's rooms that they're not in.
拜伦·戴尔：是的，我知道。嗯，我女儿家，他们不太在乎节能，因为晚上他们会开灯，虽然有些房间他们不在。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Um, and they could probably save a lot of electricity if um, they were able to watch something like this, you know, it would make a more of a difference to them, I guess, cuz they're not thinking when they uh, don't turn off the lights when they leave a room, you know, they leave the lights on. Um, so that would that would probably help them. they could, you know, just be alerted on their phone that they could save money if they turn off the lights when they're not in the room.
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，如果他们能看这样的节目，可能会节省很多电，你知道，这对他们来说会更有意义，因为他们离开房间时不会关灯，他们会开着灯。嗯，那应该会帮到他们。他们可能会在手机上收到提醒，如果他们不在房间时关灯可以省钱。
Amber Fu: Mhm. Yes.  Amber Fu：嗯，是的。
Byron Dare: Yeah. So,  拜伦·戴尔：是的。所以，
Amber Fu: So,  Amber Fu：那么，
 
 
00:25:17
 
Byron Dare: that would be helpful for
拜伦·戴尔：那会很有帮助
Amber Fu: okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: them.  拜伦·戴尔：他们。
Amber Fu: And is there anything maybe you think we can still improve?
Amber Fu：你觉得我们还有什么可以改进的地方吗？
Byron Dare: Um these charts are they uh they're not in real time, right? They're like like historical like um um like the bar barcode like uh here on the bottom that's historical, right? That's not uh real time.
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，这些图表，呃，它们不是实时的，对吧？它们是那种历史性的，嗯，下面那个条形码，对吧？那不是实时。
Amber Fu: actually is is real
Amber Fu：实际上是真实存在的
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: high.  Amber Fu：高。
Byron Dare: Okay. Yeah, that would be helpful for them also to to see that um you know certain certain times of the day that uh they're using more cuz I you know they're peak hours should be like you know 5 to 9 or something because that's when they're home you know during the
拜伦·戴尔：好的。是的，这对他们来说也很有帮助，让他们看到，嗯，你知道，他们一天中某些特定的时间段，呃，他们用得更多，因为他们的高峰时间应该是5点到9点左右，因为那是他们在家的时间，你知道的，
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: day they're not home. So, uh um yeah, the barcode uh or the bar graph would uh help them uh know how much energy they're
拜伦·戴尔：他们不在家的那一天。所以，呃，是的，条形码或者条形图可以帮助他们知道自己有多少能量
Amber Fu: Got you.  安柏·傅：明白了。
Byron Dare: using.  拜伦·戴尔：使用。
Amber Fu: Okay. And we can we can you know what? We can go to the saving page.
Amber Fu：好的。我们可以，你知道吗？我们可以去保存页面。
 
 
00:26:57
 
Amber Fu: Do you see it uh next to the event? Yeah. So I think the saving is really important to you because I think uh I
Amber Fu：你看到它就在活动旁边吗？是的。所以我觉得这次救对你很重要，因为我觉得，呃，我
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: remember last time you mentioned the your you uh the they like the utility charge you Astro
Amber Fu：还记得你上次提到你，呃，他们喜欢你用电工具费，Astro 吗？
Byron Dare: Yeah. Uh, I guess about a week ago, I I sent you a PDF of the latest bill and uh it was like $1,300 cuz there was a there's a tuneup charge of
拜伦·戴尔：是的。呃，大概一周前，我给你发了最新账单的 PDF，呃，大概是 1300 美元，因为有调校费
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: $1,100 which and then it says I'm using more than I'm generating. So there there's got to be something wrong with that.
拜伦·戴尔：1100美元，然后显示我用的钱比我产生的还多。所以这肯定有问题。
Amber Fu: Yes, definitely. So, so this is like a saving like this this saving type. So, this is like we split the two type. The one is a saving is like our side, you know, is is like uh like a cost risk we detected from the behavior and the timing and the bill is a utility side. So, that is a what show up on your bill and uh when you see like a $56 that's just for example.
Amber Fu：是的，绝对是。所以，这就是像这样的储蓄类型。所以，这就像我们把两者分开了。一方面是节省，就像我们这边，你知道，是我们从行为和时机中检测到的成本风险，账单则是公用事业方面。所以，这就是你账单上出现的金额，比如说，当你看到 56 美元时，这只是个例子。
 
 
00:28:09
 
Amber Fu: So those number are like a risk cost we detected in like current billing period. So basically we try to tell user like oh if you repeat those pattern this is the amount that tend to show up at the extra cost exposure. So and then the next they have a chart. So that will help you to see whether your risk exposure is getting better or worse over time. Yes. And the and under the chart. Yes. Then this is a bill. This is a bill part. So the bill is for example for this user they uh last bill is like 200 something and after it is like a true up. So uh we and under under the true app they have like you know the top three driver for the most cost exposure and you can click view uh view more
Amber Fu：所以这些数字就像是我们在当前计费期内检测到的风险成本。所以基本上我们会告诉用户，比如，如果你重复这些模式，这就是在额外成本暴露中通常会出现的金额。然后下一刻他们就有了一张图表。这样你就能判断风险暴露是随着时间变好还是变差。是的。以及图表下方。是的。那这就是账单。这是账单部分。比如这个用户的账单，他们上一次账单大约是 200 多元，之后就是兑现。所以，呃，我们和以下的 True 应用里，他们有前三名的最高成本暴露司机，你可以点击查看，查看更多
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: uh view more. Do you see it up? Yeah. Uh view more.
Amber Fu：呃，查看更多。你看到它上去了吗？是的。呃，查看更多。
Byron Dare: Oh,  拜伦·戴尔：哦，
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: okay. Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。是的。
 
 
00:29:20
 
Amber Fu: Yeah. Okay. So this I think you may need to those things. So this is like a bill proof. It's it's you know it's simply checking whether a few uh specific bill like item
Amber Fu：是的。好的。所以我觉得你可能需要这些东西。所以这就像是账单的证据。其实就是检查一下有没有几项具体账单的物品
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: match what we actually detected from your solar EV or battery.
Amber Fu：与我们实际检测到的太阳能电动车或电池相符。
Byron Dare: All  拜伦·戴尔：全部
Amber Fu: So uh think about this like uh checking receipt at the grocery store. So we're not saying like the whole receipt is wrong but we're just looking a few item we can clearly recognize and
Amber Fu：所以，呃，把这当作在超市查看收据。所以我们并不是说整张收据都错了，只是我们看了几件我们能清楚识别的物品，
Byron Dare: right.  拜伦·戴尔：对。
Amber Fu: asking like oh that's this
Amber Fu：问得像是“哦，那是这个”
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: right  Amber Fu：对
Byron Dare: So the uh the thing that I'm thinking is uh and I I don't know if uh all the utilities have it but uh PG& they have like six different well at least six different rates like they have a NY they have an NYS 2 they have um they have ones for if you have a EV car they have a rate for that they have one for Um there's a local geographic utility they call clean peninsula.
拜伦·戴尔：所以，呃，我想到的是，呃，我不知道所有公用事业公司是否都有，但 PG&他们有六种不同的费率，至少有六种不同的费率，比如纽约州的，纽约州的 2 号，嗯，他们有针对电动车的费率，他们有本地的费率他们称之为“清洁半岛”的地理实用性。
 
 
00:30:34
 
Byron Dare: So there's a rate for that. Um do you have some way to um show which um I guess I could change which one I subscribe to. Um, do you have a way to calculate which one?
拜伦·戴尔：所以这有固定的费用。嗯，你有没有什么方法可以显示，嗯，嗯，我想我可以更改我订阅的。嗯，你有办法算出是哪一个吗？
Amber Fu: Yes. Yes.  Amber Fu：是的。是的。
Byron Dare: If I wanted to go to one of the uh three or one of the uh six, seven, whatever rates,
拜伦·戴尔：如果我想去三家或者六、七家之类的，随便哪个等级，
Amber Fu: Yes.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: um,  拜伦·戴尔：嗯，
Amber Fu: Once uh Okay.  Amber Fu：十一，呃，好吧。
Byron Dare: show me which one would be better for me.
拜伦·戴尔：告诉我哪一个更适合我。
Amber Fu: So once you connect your let's say like you log in your utility account then connect with our app. Once we have that data and also we got the utility side data and then we will like but after you using this app for like let's say like a months or two months we will give your suggestion like oh which plan may be better for you but this still is on the uh stay in the demo. Uh we're still like you know uh yeah but definitely definitely like uh like
Amber Fu：所以一旦你登录了你的公用事业账户，然后再连接到我们的应用。一旦我们有了这些数据，也拿到了公用事业方面的数据，然后我们会在你使用这个应用大约一个月或两个月后，给出你的建议，比如“哪个套餐可能更适合你，但这仍然是在演示中。”呃，我们还是那种，呃，是的，但绝对是，呃，喜欢
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: later on we definitely will have that just you know give you a suggestion like oh which plan maybe is better for you but once we have your data like uh we will have more clear thought about like
Amber Fu：稍后我们肯定会给你一个建议，比如“哪个方案可能更适合你”，但一旦我们有了你的数据，呃，我们会更清晰地思考
 
 
00:32:07
 
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: suggestion  琥珀·傅：建议
Byron Dare: Yeah. Because um uh when you know they give you all these different rates and it's it's confusing to the average person, you know,
拜伦·戴尔：是的。因为，呃，当你知道他们给你各种不同的费率时，对普通人来说会很困惑，你知道，
Amber Fu: Oh yeah.  Amber Fu：哦，是的。
Byron Dare: um and you don't really know if you're going to save money or how much money or anything like that. So that would be very
拜伦·戴尔：嗯，你其实并不知道自己是否能省钱，或者省多少钱之类的。所以那会非常
Amber Fu: Gotcha. Yes, we we definitely will uh add adding that later on.
Amber Fu：明白了。是的，我们肯定会在之后添加这个功能。
Byron Dare: helpful.  拜伦·戴尔：很有帮助。
Amber Fu: But for right now like those bill proof like you know uh it's we really trying to do is uh just give you like really clearly thought about like you know like left side there have our expectation
Amber Fu：但目前，就像那些法案证明，我们真的想做的是，给你一个非常清晰的思考，就像左侧那样，我们有我们的期望
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: so build from the device confirm data and like no moving rate and the right side is
Amber Fu：所以从设备里构建，确认数据，喜欢没有移动速率，右侧是
Byron Dare: Right.  拜伦·戴尔：没错。
Amber Fu: what show up on the utility bill. So, we're just putting them side by side so you can see like the difference.
Amber Fu：水电账单上会出现什么。所以我们把它们放在一起，让你能看到差别。
Byron Dare: Yeah. Right.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。右。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Yeah, that would be good because then um um I don't really know what's happening.
拜伦·戴尔：是的，那会很好，因为那样的话，嗯，我其实也不太清楚发生了什么。
 
 
00:33:20
 
Byron Dare: I mean, it could be an equipment problem, connection problem or something like that, but like at least something like like that. Um, it gives me something to start
拜伦·戴尔：我的意思是，可能是设备问题、连接问题之类的，但至少应该是类似的。嗯，这给了我一个起点
Amber Fu: Yeah. So, so like you can see like a bill proof is just checking whether few bill line
Amber Fu：是的。所以，你可以看到账单证明，就是检查是否有账单记录
Byron Dare: with.  拜伦·戴尔：与。
Amber Fu: match reality. Uh so it's like a separate from the you know uh separate from like a civilian budget but this I think this is something maybe can help you but let me know like if there still anything missing or
Amber Fu：匹配现实。呃，这算是和民用预算分开的，但我觉得这可能对你有帮助，如果还缺什么，请告诉我
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: do you think uh anything like maybe you wish to app appear but we are
Amber Fu：你觉得，呃，你想用应用出现吗？我们是
Byron Dare: Perfect. Um, so we have an X on the smart meter.
拜伦·戴尔：完美。嗯，我们智能电表上有个 X。
Amber Fu: Uh this is just uh where like a checklist is about like
Amber Fu：呃，这只是，呃，清单大概就是那种
Byron Dare: Um,  拜伦·戴尔：嗯，
Amber Fu: uh like this is something that we wish have it from the user. But if some user they don't have a smart meter is is is fine.
Amber Fu：呃，这其实是我们希望用户能拥有的东西。但如果有用户没有智能电表，那也没问题。
Byron Dare: Yeah, I think um Pion pretty much all uses uh smart meters
拜伦·戴尔：是的，我觉得嗯，Pion 几乎都用智能电表
 
 
00:34:54
 
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you. Yeah. So, uh yeah. So those those about like the bill build bill proof like what what what do you think like what do you like is there anything that you think maybe uh maybe we still can improve
Amber Fu：好的。明白了。是的。所以，呃，是的。所以那些关于法案、建设法案、证据的人，比如你觉得什么，你觉得，你觉得还有什么可以改进的地方吗？
Byron Dare: Perfect.  拜伦·戴尔：完美。
Amber Fu: or like do you think this page can really help you like right now.
Amber Fu：或者说，你觉得这个页面现在真的能帮到你吗？
Byron Dare: Uh yeah, I  拜伦·德鲁：是的，我知道。
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: could  拜伦·戴尔：可以
Amber Fu: Cuz I just want to know like if this can really use it from for you in your real life. That's really important.
Amber Fu：因为我只是想知道，这真的能在你现实生活中用得上吗？这真的很重要。
Byron Dare: Yeah,  拜伦·戴尔：是的，
Amber Fu: If  安柏·傅：如果
Byron Dare: I I think uh yeah. Um at least I could I could show that to somebody and
拜伦·戴尔：我想，呃，是的。嗯，至少我可以，我可以给别人看，然后
Amber Fu: Yes. Yes. Exactly. That's what we wish to
Amber Fu：是的。是的。没错。这正是我们所期望的
Byron Dare: yeah, right.  拜伦·戴尔：是的，没错。
Amber Fu: do.  Amber Fu：有。
Byron Dare: Uh because otherwise they're if you complain to PG& they say, "Well, yeah, it's well that's what it is." You know,
拜伦·戴尔：呃，因为如果你向 PG 投诉，他们会说，“嗯，是的，事情就是这样。”你知道的
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you.
安柏·傅：明白了。明白了。
Byron Dare: uh they they um they don't really want to help
拜伦·戴尔：呃，他们，他们，嗯，他们其实不太想帮忙
 

00:36:20
 
Amber Fu: Got you. But uh is there any like you you feel like there should be
安柏·傅：明白了。但是，呃，有没有像你一样觉得应该有的
Byron Dare: you.  拜伦·戴尔：你。
Amber Fu: any maybe like a deeper data number maybe maybe more better cuz this is kind of like you know it's just a simple one but I don't know like when you talk to the PJ they're like you need to show them like what house.
Amber Fu：有没有可能更深入的数据，也许更好，因为这有点简单，但我不知道，当你和 PJ 说话时，他们会说你得给他们看，比如哪栋房子。
Byron Dare: Okay. So, what they're telling me now is I'm using more energy than I generate,
拜伦·戴尔：好的。所以，他们现在告诉我，我消耗的能量比产生的还多，
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: which I don't understand cuz I think I I told you I'm hardly um I'm hardly in the house and there's no one
拜伦·戴尔：我不明白，因为我跟你说过，我几乎不在家里，也没人
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: else in the house and I've got 17 panels and two batteries.
拜伦·戴尔：家里还有其他东西，我有17块面板和两块电池。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: So they're saying um like I think I think I have more exported and then they say well you don't have exported and they're saying uh maybe uh if you say usage you know if um it's you had one more line here uh because I guess they give on the bill it
拜伦·戴尔：所以他们说，嗯，我想我觉得我有更多的出口，然后他们又说，嗯，你没有出口，他们说，呃，也许，呃，如果你说用量，嗯，你这里多了一条线，呃，因为我猜他们会在账单上给出
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: says how much you is um I I don't know if um um like like Tesla would tell me how much I export it, which is probably different than what PG& says, but I don't know if Tesla would say how much uh I actually used compared to what
Byron Dare：说你到底用了多少，嗯，我不知道，嗯，嗯，比如 Tesla 会不会告诉我出口多少，这可能和 PG&说的不一样，但我不知道特斯拉会不会说我实际用了多少，呃，和多少比
 
 
00:38:02
 
Amber Fu: man.  Amber Fu：真是的。
Byron Dare: P Gen says I used.
拜伦·戴尔：P Gen 说我用过。
Amber Fu: Got  琥珀·傅：得了
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: you.  Amber Fu：你。
Byron Dare: So, I don't know if it's possible to put another line in there.
拜伦·戴尔：所以，我不知道是否能再加一句台词。
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Uh for usage.
Amber Fu：好的。好的。明白了。呃，用来形容。
Byron Dare: Usage.  拜伦·戴尔：使用情况。
Amber Fu: Well, cuz right now uh we we can't detect detected uh your whole home load usage because this app only can you
Amber Fu：嗯，因为现在我们无法检测到你整个家庭的负载使用情况，因为这个应用只能检测到你
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: know detect something that we have from the data like probably like you know the solar or like the your EV EV car or the smart meter that's be fine but the whole home load uh we're saying let me
Amber Fu：你知道我们从数据中检测到一些东西，比如你知道太阳能、电动车或智能电表，那就没问题，但整个家庭的负载，呃，让我说
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Think actually you know what maybe we could I will
Amber Fu：其实你知道吗，也许我们可以，我会
Byron Dare: Well, because they're saying I didn't export that much and I use that much.
拜伦·戴尔：因为他们说我出口量不大，用量也差不多。
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: So, there was a line here for usage.
拜伦·戴尔：这里有一条使用线。
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you.  Amber Fu：好的。明白了。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Sure. Sure. Uh we will we will think about this but yeah but
Amber Fu：当然。当然。呃，我们会考虑的，但是的，但是
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: thank you so much that's really helpful tips.
Amber Fu：非常感谢，这些建议真的很有帮助。
 
 
00:39:29
 
Amber Fu: Yeah. Okay. So you can go back and uh
Amber Fu：是的。好的。所以你可以回去，呃
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: if you don't mind you can click on the saving
Amber Fu：如果你不介意，可以点进保存页面
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: uh cuz right now we're uh on the bill page. You can click on the saving page.
Amber Fu：呃，因为我们现在正在账单页面。你可以点击保存页面。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Uh, I think I think you're now moving. Uh,
Amber Fu：呃，我想我觉得你现在要动了。呃，
Byron Dare: saving.  拜伦·戴尔：拯救。
Amber Fu: sorry. I I I I think I kind of lost you a moment.
Amber Fu：对不起。我，我，我，我有点让你失去了一会儿。
Byron Dare: Okay, so I'm on the savings page and uh what does that
拜伦·戴尔：好的，我在储蓄页面，呃，那是怎么回事
Amber Fu: Yeah. So did you see like the top the top there we are do like a split
Amber Fu：是的。你看到了吗？上面，上面，我们就这样分开了
Byron Dare: say?  拜伦·戴尔：说什么？
Amber Fu: se two types one is a saving and one's bill right now we are on the bill page and uh if you don't mind you can click on the saving
Amber Fu：两种类型，一种是储蓄，一种是账单。我们现在在账单页面，呃，如果你不介意，可以点击“节省”。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: page.  安柏·傅：侍从。
Byron Dare: Okay. Uh I clicked on it with
拜伦·戴尔：好的。呃，我点开了
Amber Fu: Yeah. Okay. Perfect.
Amber Fu：是的。好的。完美。
Byron Dare: savings.  拜伦·戴尔：储蓄。
Amber Fu: So uh we can drag drag down a little bit.
Amber Fu：所以我们可以稍微拉低一点。
 
 
00:40:57
 
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: So uh down there there have like the uh well like the se the separate things. So uh it's yeah so this is a kind of like we break the risk
Amber Fu：所以，呃，那边有，呃，就是那些分开的东西。所以，呃，是的，这算是一种我们打破风险的过程
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: ledger into category such like EV solar and power wall. So each rows shows like how many times happened in this building period and
Amber Fu：将账本归入电动、太阳能和 Power Wall 等类别。所以每一行都显示了这个建造周期内发生了多少次，
Byron Dare: Right.  拜伦·戴尔：没错。
Amber Fu: uh the total extra cost exposure from that category. So it's another daily it's like a roll up cross the billing period for example. So a per time means like four event in the billing period not four days. Uh you can click on that to see what's look like.
Amber Fu：呃，那个类别的总额外成本曝光。比如说，这就像账单期间的滚动账单一样。所以“按时间”是指账单期间内有四个事件，而不是四天。呃，你可以点那个看看长什么样。
Byron Dare: Uh, solar power
拜伦·戴尔：呃，太阳能
Amber Fu: Yeah. EV EV charging.
Amber Fu：是的。电动车充电。
Byron Dare: e.  拜伦·戴尔：还有。
Amber Fu: Yes. So did you see like the detail page there have Yeah.
Amber Fu：是的。你看到那个详细页面有没有写“是”的。
Byron Dare: Yeah,  拜伦·戴尔：是的，
Amber Fu: there have uh uh like a ledger view you know like uh each row like detect uh detected event and you can click on
Amber Fu：有个账本视图，你知道，每一行都有检测，检测到事件，你可以点击
Byron Dare: right.  拜伦·戴尔：对。
Amber Fu: the uh any yeah anyone okay so the bottom sheet is like a really deeper reason and
Amber Fu：呃，有没有人可以？所以底层的那个理由更深层，
 
 
00:42:07
 
Byron Dare: recording.  拜伦·戴尔：录音。
Amber Fu: we will show the user like oh what's happening or why it's matter like how we calculate and what to do next. So the really important is like the the how we calculate that's is a proof like the you know the
Amber Fu：我们会向用户展示“发生了什么”，比如“为什么会这样”，比如我们如何计算，下一步该做什么。所以真正重要的是，我们如何计算，这就像一个证明，你知道的
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: kilowatt the peak rate the off peak rate and the math. So we want to be auditable. Yeah. And what to do next is more like it's not saying like oh you must do this but it's
Amber Fu：千瓦电梯、峰值电梯、非高峰电速以及数学计算。所以我们希望能够实现可审计的状态。是的。接下来该做什么，更像是不是说“你必须做这个”，而是
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: more like tell the user like oh you know what next time here's a simplest way to avoid that extra exposure. Yeah.
Amber Fu：更像是告诉用户，比如“哦，你知道吗，下次吧”这里有个最简单的方法，可以避免额外暴露。是的。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: So that that that will be kind of it.
Amber Fu：那就差不多了。
Byron Dare: Okay. Yeah, that's all good. I like that.
拜伦·戴尔：好的。是的，这些都没问题。我喜欢。
Amber Fu: Okay. Yeah. So that'll be it. So that will be like everything from right now. Um so
Amber Fu：好的。是的。就这些了。所以这就像现在的所有事情一样。嗯，所以
Byron Dare: So you get this data the when it's being charged and
拜伦·戴尔：所以你会获得充电时的数据，
Amber Fu: uh  安柏·傅：呃
Byron Dare: the the solar generation and the power.
拜伦·戴尔：太阳能发电与电力。
 
 
00:43:25
 
Amber Fu: yes. Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。是的。
Byron Dare: Okay. You can get that data from uh Okay.
拜伦·戴尔：好的。你可以从呃，好的，那里获取这些数据。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Yeah, that's all good cuz uh I don't I don't get that data at least that I know of. So that would all be uh good information that uh I'm not getting from another
拜伦·戴尔：是的，没问题，因为我不知道，至少我不知道有这些数据。所以这些都是我从别人那里得不到的有用信息
Amber Fu: Perfect. Perfect.
Amber Fu：完美。完美。
Byron Dare: source.  拜伦·戴尔：来源。
Amber Fu: So um well well like right now like those are about it like this is a whole app and I want to know like what do you feel like do you think will uh it you really can use it in your real life or anything that you think maybe we still can improve or like do you feel like this app is something that you're willing to uh subscribe every month. That's really important for us. So, I just want to know like like
Amber Fu：嗯，嗯，目前大致就是这样，这是一款完整的应用，我想知道你觉得它能在现实生活中用到吗？或者你觉得我们还能改进吗？或者你觉得这个应用是你愿意每月订阅的吗？这对我们来说非常重要。所以我只是想知道，比如
Byron Dare: Yeah, I think uh like all this events uh this is all good because I don't think I get this anywhere else. I just,
拜伦·戴尔：是的，我觉得，呃，就像这些事件一样，呃，这一切都很好，因为我觉得在别的地方我没能感受到这种感觉。我只是
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: you know, uh, like Tesla, they just have a they have a app and they have a, you know, diagram and arrows and stuff like that, but they don't really uh um, I guess maybe there's a way, but uh, they never told me how to do it to uh,
拜伦·戴尔：你知道，呃，就像特斯拉一样，他们有个应用，有图表和箭头之类的东西，但他们其实并没有，呃，嗯，我想也许有办法，但他们从没告诉我怎么做，呃，
 
 
00:45:04
 
Amber Fu: M  琥珀·傅：M
Byron Dare: chart it out.
拜伦·戴尔：规划一下。
Amber Fu: m  琥珀·傅：m
Byron Dare: So, yeah, this is this is uh, very helpful.
拜伦·戴尔：所以，是的，这非常有帮助。
Amber Fu: got you. Okay. And uh well how uh like by what moment you feel like oh this app worth to pay it
Amber Fu：明白了。好的。那，呃，你觉得什么时候，这个应用值得付费
Byron Dare: Um,  拜伦·戴尔：嗯，
Amber Fu: maybe like you know for example
Amber Fu：也许像你知道的那样
Byron Dare: you mean if it's worth it for me to subscribe to the
拜伦·戴尔：你的意思是，如果我愿意订阅
Amber Fu: yes that like for what cause like a word worth to sub subscribe this app like for example like oh this app really help you save the money or like you know uh help you to talk to the PG utility something like
Amber Fu：是的，那个理由，比如说，这个应用真的帮你省钱，或者你知道的，帮你和 PG 工具沟通，比如说，这个应用真的帮你省钱，或者说，帮你和 PG 工具沟通，类似这样的
Byron Dare: Yeah. Yeah. I think well, you know, cuz uh the solar system and the batteries cost a lot of money. So, um and you know,
拜伦·戴尔：是的。是的。我觉得，嗯，你知道，因为太阳能系统和电池成本很高。所以，嗯，你知道，
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Byron Dare: it's it's new to a lot of people and uh nobody's really cooperating like um SAS's not cooperating. Uh PG is not cooperating.
拜伦·戴尔：这对很多人来说是新的，而且，呃，没有人真正配合，比如特种空勤团不配合。呃，PG 不配合。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: So, um yeah, this would be worth uh subscribing to um because I I'm not getting the data from other
拜伦·戴尔：所以，嗯，是的，这个网站确实值得订阅，因为我没有从其他地方获得数据
 
 
00:46:31
 
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. Okay. And uh Okay.
安柏·傅：明白了。明白了。好的。然后，呃，好吧。
Byron Dare: places.  拜伦·戴尔：地点。
Amber Fu: And you know, thank you so much for today, you know, taking your time for this. This has been incredibly helpful. And uh so what we are building like really you know only works if test in real life not just in demo. So once this is alive we'd love to invite you to try try
Amber Fu：非常感谢你今天的耐心。这对我帮助很大。嗯，我们现在做的，实际上只有在现实中测试才有效，而不仅仅是在演示中。所以一旦它活起来，我们很乐意邀请你尝试
Byron Dare: Right.  拜伦·戴尔：没错。
Amber Fu: it with your actual bill and charging habit and like tell us like what work or what doesn't.
Amber Fu：结合你的账单和收费习惯，告诉我们什么有效，什么无效。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: So we're planning like a you know small group of early user who can help us shape the product.
Amber Fu：我们计划组建一个早期用户小组，帮助我们塑造产品。
Byron Dare: Yeah. Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。好的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. So we'll make sure there have a a uh conversations or like incentive for your time.
Amber Fu：是的。所以我们会确保有类似的对话或激励，感谢你的时间。
Byron Dare: Okay. Um, one question is about the name of the app. Uh
拜伦·戴尔：好的。嗯，有个问题是关于应用的名字。呃
Amber Fu: Uh that is a C castle.
Amber Fu：呃，那是个 C 城堡。
Byron Dare: yeah, it doesn't uh I'm not sure about
拜伦·戴尔：是的，不确定，呃
Amber Fu: Uh I sorry I kind of
Amber Fu：呃，抱歉，我有点
 
 
00:47:43
 
Byron Dare: the uh I'm not sure about the name if it really sort of
拜伦·戴尔：呃，我不太确定名字，如果真的有点
Amber Fu: lost  琥珀·傅：失落
Byron Dare: uh um tells you what what the what the app is
拜伦·戴尔：呃，嗯，它告诉你这个应用是什么
Amber Fu: Oh, you you mean the
Amber Fu：哦，你是说
Byron Dare: about, you know, and then uh like like uh like sunun you know you could imagine it's something related to solar from the name right so I I
Byron Dare：关于，嗯，就像 Sunun，你知道，你可以想象它和太阳能有关，从名字来看，对吧，所以我
Amber Fu: Oh  安柏·傅：哦
Byron Dare: just so I was just commenting that the name casually
拜伦·戴尔：我只是随便提一下这个名字
Amber Fu: yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: u it doesn't it doesn't bring to mind that it's uh like a utility uh monitoring or something like that that's just um that's just my thought,
拜伦·戴尔：呃，没有，这让人联想到它，呃，像是公用事业监控之类的东西，那只是，嗯，这只是我的想法，
Amber Fu: Oh,  安柏·傅：哦，
Byron Dare: you  拜伦·戴尔：你
Amber Fu: okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: know.  拜伦·戴尔：知道。
Amber Fu: Well, sorry because like I think the signal kind of like uh I kind of lost you like a couple minutes.
Amber Fu：嗯，抱歉，因为我觉得信号有点，呃，我有点失去你的信号，好像有几分钟没听到你。
Byron Dare: Oh,  拜伦·戴尔：哦，
Amber Fu: Do uh  安柏·傅：都呃
Byron Dare: it's just the name the name Casali. Uh it it doesn't um it doesn't re in my mind if I just see that it doesn't relate to
拜伦·戴尔：只是名字，卡萨利。呃，如果不是，嗯，如果我只是看到它和我没关系，我就不在脑海里。
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: uh what you guys are trying to do you know uh like like
拜伦·戴尔：呃，你们想做的，呃，就是那种
 
 
00:49:03
 
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: you know uh like a name Tesla solar you know it's like solar
拜伦·戴尔：你知道，呃，就像特斯拉太阳能这个名字，你知道，它就像太阳能
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you.  Amber Fu：好的。明白了。
Byron Dare: powered Tesla if it's sunun you sort of think it's solar because they
拜伦·戴尔：动力驱动特斯拉，如果是太阳，你会觉得是太阳能，因为他们
Amber Fu: Got you.  安柏·傅：明白了。
Byron Dare: say done.  拜伦·戴尔：说成交。
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Byron Dare: So,  拜伦·戴尔：那么，
Amber Fu: Got you.  安柏·傅：明白了。
Byron Dare: so I'm just saying, you
拜伦·戴尔：所以我只是说，你
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what what what that name come from is more like you know like a it's kind of like a
Amber Fu：是的。是的。是的。所以这个名字的来源，更像是，你知道，就像是
Byron Dare: know,  拜伦·戴尔：知道，
Amber Fu: cash plus clear clearly. So it's about like you know making your energy spending like a clear uh accountable and under the control. So the well we're yeah we named that because you know most energy app just
琥珀·福：现金加清牌。所以就是让你的精力支出明确，呃，是个，负责任且受控的。所以我们是，是的，我们给它起了这个名字，因为你知道，大多数能源应用只是
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: force on usage or like automation but we force on money responsibility. Yeah.
Amber Fu：强制使用或类似自动化，但我们强制承担金钱责任。是的。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: So the K CAS is come from like a cash and like you know your real electricity bill and the LY is more like a clarity and like a uh continually like not one time tips but like ongoing accountable.
Amber Fu：所以 K CAS 是现金，你知道你的实际电费账单，而 LY 更像是清晰的，不是一种持续的，不是一次性的小费，而是持续的责任。
 
 
00:50:10
 
Amber Fu: So yeah so we're isn't like try to automate everything but it's just help household to save
Amber Fu：所以是的，我们并不是试图自动化一切，而是帮助家庭存钱
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: with a a setable financial outcome.
Amber Fu：有明确的财务结果。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. So doesn't sounds like energy company.
Amber Fu：是的。所以听起来不像是能源公司。
Byron Dare: Okay.  拜伦·戴尔：好的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. Exactly. Because you know energy I isn't a product like outcome is you know
Amber Fu：是的。没错。因为你知道，能源不像结果那样是一种产品
Byron Dare: Yeah. Well, even like Southern Kellas and then they changed it to Serra and that doesn't make a lot of sense
拜伦·戴尔：是的。嗯，甚至像 Southern Kellas，后来改成了 Serra，这也说不通
Amber Fu: yeah because we're we're thinking
Amber Fu：是的，因为我们正在思考
Byron Dare: either.  拜伦·戴尔：都不是。
Amber Fu: like you know people don't wake up wanting you know kilowatt hours. They want to like uh predictable bills and like no surprise.
Amber Fu：你知道，人们醒来时不会想要千瓦时。他们喜欢可预测的账单，不让人意外。
Byron Dare: Yeah.  拜伦·戴尔：是的。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Byron Dare: Okay. It's just uh I'm just throwing it out there,
拜伦·戴尔：好的。只是，呃，我只是随便说说，
Amber Fu: Gotcha.  Amber Fu：明白了。
Byron Dare: you  拜伦·戴尔：你
Amber Fu: Gotcha. But anyway, like uh we'd love to like once this live,
Amber Fu：明白了。不过，呃，我们很想等这场直播后，
Byron Dare: know.  拜伦·戴尔：知道。
Amber Fu: we love to invite you to try it in your re real life. That would be really really helpful. Yeah.
Amber Fu：我们很乐意邀请你在现实生活中尝试。那真的非常有帮助。是的。
Byron Dare: Okay. Okay. Thank you. All righty.