00:08:09
 
Amber Fu: We made some pretty big change. So mainly like on the home and saving.
Amber Fu：我们做了一些相当大的改变。所以主要是关于家庭和储蓄。
Donald Rhesa: All right, guys. Just a
唐纳德·瑞萨：好了，大家。只是一个
Amber Fu: Sure.  Amber Fu：当然。
Donald Rhesa: minute.  唐纳德·雷萨：分钟。
Amber Fu: Yes. So, um I won't explain much up front. Uh, I love you. You know, just click around and tell me like what is stand out or like feel confusing. Um so if you have any question free to ask.
Amber Fu：是的。所以，嗯，我一开始就不多说了。呃，我爱你。你知道的，随便点开，告诉我哪些地方突出，或者觉得让人困惑。嗯，如果你有任何问题，随时可以问。
Donald Rhesa: And that's the Yes. Uh, is there any I can click here and let me
唐纳德·雷萨：那就是“是”。呃，有没有什么我可以点这里让我
Amber Fu: Oh no,  Amber Fu：哦不，
Donald Rhesa: see.  唐纳德·雷萨：看。
Amber Fu: that is like just showing the the device status and the usage is is just showing. So,
Amber Fu：那就像只是显示设备状态和使用情况。所以，
Donald Rhesa: Yeah, you can see uh a lot of improvements and I'm thinking uh I think right now it's uh I think every everything is kind of incorporated in there. My only question right now will be uh if now for example uh you you go and uh have this data like the EV is on uh the EV is offline, the solar is offline, the power is offline, how do we turn it on using the app?
唐纳德·雷萨：是的，你可以看到很多改进，我想，呃，我觉得现在，呃，我觉得所有东西都被整合进去了。我现在唯一的问题是，比如说，你有这些数据，比如电动车已经开机，太阳能也离线，电源也断线了，我们怎么用应用开启？
 
 
00:18:57
 
Amber Fu: Uh so so basically like if the your solar the solar is offline, we just uh warn you just say I uh the solar is offline probably you should check
Amber Fu：呃，所以基本上，如果你的太阳能系统离线了，我们提醒你，比如说，我，呃，太阳能离线了，你应该检查一下
Donald Rhesa: Okay. Uh probably maybe when I have a maybe uh a concern or a query When I type a message, is it in real time?
唐纳德·雷萨：好的。呃，可能是当我有个，呃，呃，有疑虑或问题时，当我输入消息时，是实时的吗？
Amber Fu: Uh, I'm sorry I didn't catch uh catch it. Do you mind uh repeat one more
Amber Fu：呃，抱歉我没听清楚。你介意再重复一遍吗
Donald Rhesa: I'm asking.
唐纳德·雷萨：我是在问。
Amber Fu: time?  Amber Fu：时间？
Donald Rhesa: Okay, I'm asking you if probably have a query or a concern.
唐纳德·雷萨：好的，我是在问你是否有疑问或担忧。
Amber Fu: Uh-huh.  安柏·傅：嗯哼。
Donald Rhesa: I need some assistance. Anytime a message here uh is a is a reply in real
唐纳德·雷萨：我需要一些帮助。这里的任何消息，呃，都是真实的回复
Amber Fu: Uh-huh. Okay. So uh so like in the early stage we we will have customer service like for the real person will apply you
安柏·傅：嗯哼。好的。所以，呃，早期阶段我们会有客户服务，比如真人，会帮你申请
Donald Rhesa: Okay.  唐纳德·雷萨：好的。
Amber Fu: So let me know like when you finish like we I can we can go over together to see some difference change.
Amber Fu：所以等你完成后告诉我，我们可以一起过去看看有什么变化。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah, we we can do that right
唐纳德·雷萨：是的，我们可以做得对
Amber Fu: Okay. Sure. So uh so uh up there like there have a a up
Amber Fu：好的。当然。所以，呃，呃，上面，好像有个 A。
 
 
00:21:24
 
Donald Rhesa: now.  唐纳德·瑞萨：现在。
Amber Fu: area. Uh you say like a $12. When you see that number what what do you think? What what is that for?
琥珀·傅：区域。呃，你说大概12美元。看到这个数字，你怎么想？那是干什么用的？
Donald Rhesa: I think that basically tells me uh that my bill is at a risk of uh an overcharge of $12.
唐纳德·雷萨：我认为这基本上告诉我，呃，我的账单有12美元的超收风险。
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.  Amber Fu：嗯哼。
Donald Rhesa: Now it's upon me now to find out why.
唐纳德·瑞萨：现在轮到我来查明原因了。
Amber Fu: Okay. And also like the primary uh drivers.
Amber Fu：好的。还有主要的驱动因素。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah,  唐纳德·瑞萨：是的，
Amber Fu: So do like fully understand what that mean?
Amber Fu：你完全理解这意味着什么吗？
Donald Rhesa: I do. Uh does tell me that uh I am charging my EV at the PA when maybe the the rates are quite higher. So, it's now upon me now to to look for a most suitable time to be charging my EV so that to be
唐纳德·雷萨：我知道。呃，我告诉我，呃，我在宾夕法尼亚给电动车充电，但可能电价更高。所以，现在轮到我寻找一个最合适的时间给我的电动车充电了
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Donald Rhesa: able to now to save uh either the $12 to able to have a saving of $12 or
唐纳德·瑞萨：现在可以省下12美元，或者节省12美元
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Donald Rhesa: even more.  唐纳德·雷萨：更甚。
Amber Fu: Yeah. So, yeah, basically like the uh the like the over overpay risk is like the moment coming up like where you could overpay.
Amber Fu：是的。所以，是的，基本上就是，呃，超额支付风险就是即将到来的那一刻，比如你可能会多付。
 
 
00:22:37
 
Amber Fu: So, like the number is like kind of like estimated extra cost for like exposure for the risk. So, it's not like a saving and the uh primary driver is like a main reason we think it's expensive. So, uh we only show one driver.
Amber Fu：所以，这个数字有点像是风险暴露的额外成本估算。所以，这并不是节省，主要驱动因素是我们认为它昂贵的主要原因。所以，呃，我们只展示一个司机。
Donald Rhesa: Very  唐纳德·瑞萨：非常
Amber Fu: It doesn't feel like a dashboard for those two part. Do you think that be useful? Okay.
Amber Fu：这两部分看起来不像是个仪表盘。你觉得这有用吗？好的。
Donald Rhesa: useful indeed.
唐纳德·瑞萨：确实有用。
Amber Fu: Okay. And is there like any information we're still missing or like any word you think is not proper or maybe we should change?
Amber Fu：好的。还有没有什么信息我们没漏掉，或者你觉得有什么词不合适，或者我们应该改动？
Donald Rhesa: as of now.  唐纳德·雷萨：截至目前。
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Donald Rhesa: No.  唐纳德·雷萨：没有。
Amber Fu: Okay. And also uh there uh there like the third line there have what called the monthly bill budget. So this is like a huge change for the first demo. Uh so the the row the monthly bill budget like think of uh like a boundary like not a promise. So basically uh just telling the user uh if end up about the number I will unhappy like please warn me later.
Amber Fu：好的。还有，呃，呃，呃，第三行，有所谓的月度账单预算。所以这对第一个演示来说是个巨大的变化。呃，月度账单预算的那一行，可以把它当作界限，而不是承诺。所以基本上，呃，就是告诉用户，呃，如果我遇到这个数字我会不满意，请稍后提醒我。
 
 
00:23:48
 
Amber Fu: So you can click on the monthly budget. Yeah. The 170.
Amber Fu：你可以点击每月预算。是的。170。
Donald Rhesa: Okay.  唐纳德·雷萨：好的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. So uh I want to explain a little bit. Uh so this is uh different from most app. So the monthly budget is not like a optimization target. We're not trying to you know push your bill as low as possible. Uh, and it's not guaranteed either, but think about like a a tolerance boundary like you telling the system if my bill ends up about this number, I feel something went wrong and I want to early warning. So, uh, think about like some people are totally fine with like a $300 bill if it's a predict uh uh predictable and another people get stressed off uh about like over $200. So it's like a same house, same usage but different confirm level. So basically like the uh monthly bill budget is like your personally uh a setable boundary. So it's not like a saving target. So uh and we don't let the user tap any random number on purpose because like if someone type like zero or $20 the system will become like a meaningless.
Amber Fu：是的。所以，呃，我想稍微解释一下。呃，这和大多数应用不一样。所以月度预算并不是一个优化目标。我们并不是想把你的账单压得尽可能低。呃，也不能保证一定，但你可以考虑一个容忍界限，比如你告诉系统，如果我的账单变成这个数字，我觉得出了问题，我想提前预警。所以，呃，想想看，有些人对 300 美元的钞票完全没问题，如果这是可预测的，而另一些人则会因为超过 200 美元而感到压力。所以就像同一栋房子，用电量一样，但确认电平不同。基本上，月账单预算就像是你个人设定的界限。所以它不是一个救命目标。所以，呃，我们不允许用户故意点任何随机数字，因为如果有人输入“零”或“20 美元”，系统就会变得毫无意义。
 
 
00:25:10
 
Amber Fu: So we ground the goal into two things. So first is your last three bill like what actually happened and the second is your current rate plan like how you utility charges you. So what we show you is like a recommend range. It's b it's just basically saying like oh given your recent bill there are like a real listic boundary you can choose from and you're picking like a boundary that match your tolerance not the guessing number.
Amber Fu：所以我们把目标分成两个部分。首先是你最近三张账单，具体发生了什么，第二是你当前的费率计划，比如你向你收费的方式。所以我们展示的是一个推荐范围。其实就是说，鉴于你最近的账单，有一个非常明确的边界可以选择，你选的边界符合你的容忍度，而不是猜数。
Donald Rhesa: This This doesn't make
唐纳德·瑞萨：这说不通
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Donald Rhesa: sense.  唐纳德·雷萨：有意义。
Amber Fu: So, let's say like if you're uh usually your uh utility charge you like uh two two $200 per month, right? And you are saying uh you're thinking like, oh, okay, uh so last uh next month I want to maybe taper like 20 bucks or $30. Then you can choose like depends on your last utility bill and we will give you some option like uh 170 or like 180 or 160 and you can choose from there. Yeah.
Amber Fu：那么，假设你通常的水电费是每月两两美元，对吧？你说，呃，你在想，哦，好吧，呃，上个月，我可能想减量 20 美元或 30 美元。然后你可以根据你最近的水电费账单选择，我们会给你一些选项，比如 170、180 或 160，你可以从中选择。是的。
Donald Rhesa: Okay.  唐纳德·雷萨：好的。
Amber Fu: So this part is what turn the app from the dashboard into like the decision system.
Amber Fu：所以这部分就是把应用从仪表盘变成决策系统。
 
 
00:26:33
 
Amber Fu: So we look at the same event like you know pick our EV charging and we ask oh does this event meaningfully threaten your goal. So let's say if your goal is like a $100 per month uh the $12 pickour mistake matter a lot more, right? But if your goal is like $300, the same $12 may not worth to bother you. So the monthly bill budget is basically like two things. So we flag as a risk and we how we strongly recommend actions.
Amber Fu：我们把同一个事件看待，比如你选择我们的电动车充电，然后问：这个活动是否实质性地威胁到你的目标。比如说，如果你的目标是每月 100 美元，那 12 美元选错就重要得多了，对吧？但如果你的目标是 300 美元，那同样的 12 美元可能不值得你去烦恼。所以每月账单预算基本上就是两部分。因此，我们会标记为风险，并强烈建议采取行动。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah,  唐纳德·瑞萨：是的，
Amber Fu: So yeah,  Amber Fu：所以是的，
Donald Rhesa: this is  唐纳德·瑞萨：这是
Amber Fu: so this is what a bill budget uh limit.
Amber Fu：这就是法案预算的限制。
Donald Rhesa: Yes,  唐纳德·雷萨：是的，
Amber Fu: What do you think about this?
Amber Fu：你怎么看这个？
Donald Rhesa: I think this is uh quite commenable because
唐纳德·雷萨：我觉得这很合理，因为
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.  Amber Fu：嗯哼。
Donald Rhesa: uh it does now show one the range that they can be according out to the data that has been gathered by the app through maybe for several months. Yeah. And or maybe the data that has been analyzed upon maybe uh received by the app whereby uh the app is able to analyze all this data and be able to come up with a projection of maybe what uh the client or the the user will be able to have used in a particular month.
Donald Rhesa：呃，现在确实显示了他们可能的范围，基于应用收集了几个月的数据。是的。或者，应用收到的数据分析后，应用能够分析所有这些数据，预测客户或用户在特定月份可能使用了多少。
 
 
00:28:04
 
Donald Rhesa: now ranging uh from this amount to this amount and also uh suggesting uh areas that they can be able to save uh on cost.
唐纳德·雷萨：现在，呃，这个金额到这个金额之间，也建议了一些他们可以节省成本的领域。
Amber Fu: Yes. And do  Amber Fu：是的。而且真的
Donald Rhesa: So this is a it's a good addition. It's a good is a very good addition.
唐纳德·瑞萨：所以这是个不错的补充。这是一个非常好的补充。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: I think it's something that uh goes a long way in helping one to be able to have that uh assistance that is needed when we are able to now like want to know uh how much in projection are you going to use in a particular month and that now guides you on the usage of uh of your electricity per year.
唐纳德·雷萨：我认为这在帮助人们获得所需的帮助方面起到了很大作用，当我们能够了解某个月的预计用电量，这现在指导你每年用电量时。
Amber Fu: Yeah. And um Yeah. And we can go a next uh the plan. So I think I remember like you I think the from the last conversation we talked about like you wish they have a like certain plan that you can choose. So for for this car like a plan recommend plan uh uh so when it's turn red means like if you do nothing you will very likely cross your limit.
Amber Fu：是的。嗯，是的。我们可以下一个计划。我想我记得和你一样，我记得我们上次谈话时，你希望他们有一个你可以选择的计划。所以对于这辆车来说，比如计划，建议方案，呃呃，所以当它变红时，意味着如果你什么都不做，很可能会超过极限。
 
 
00:29:18
 
Amber Fu: So we offer apply plan and uh you can click on apply plan. Yes. So uh on on our first stage we are um now try to changing your Tesla setting in the background. So when you tap apply we will send you to the Tesla you will confirm in the Tesla. So we do that on purpose you can stay in control. Do you think that will be feel more comfortable with
Amber Fu：我们提供应用计划，你可以点击“应用计划”。是的。所以，呃，在第一阶段，我们现在尝试在背景中更改你的特斯拉设置。所以当你点击应用时，我们会把你送到你确认的特斯拉。所以我们是故意这样做的，你就能保持掌控。你觉得那样会让你更舒服吗
Donald Rhesa: Yeah, definitely because now it doesn't take the control that uh I'll have now to depend entirely on the app to do all everything, but does give me like a prompt for me now to be able to go to the Tesla app and uh and be able now to synchronize uh to now the the main app and That now gives me uh the comfort of knowing that I I am able now to have everything synchronized and uh I can able now to control everything on this one app because of all the synchronization and also the sharing of the
Donald Rhesa：是的，绝对是这样，因为现在我不再完全依赖应用来完成所有作，而是会提示我现在可以进入特斯拉应用，并且现在可以同步主应用，这让我感到安心，知道我可以现在为了让所有东西同步，呃，我现在可以控制这个应用上的所有东西，因为所有的同步和共享
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Donald Rhesa: data  唐纳德·雷萨：数据
Amber Fu: And and do you have any like maybe like concern or uh suggestion for this?
Amber Fu：你对此有什么担忧或建议吗？
 
 
00:30:42
 
Donald Rhesa: I think. Uh, no, not really.
唐纳德·雷萨：我想是的。呃，不，不太想。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: But I think there's uh the the prompt now you for one to go to the to the to the to the main app for the EV charging. I think that goes a long way in or maybe the power that goes a long way in uh helping or bringing things under almost one roof because now the synchronization itself now gives you a kind of that that mental comfort. It it takes a lot of mental load from the from the user knowing that now if I I'm able to synchronize all these apps I can be able to use one this one app and be able to get uh everything under one roof.
Donald Rhesa：但我觉得现在有个提示，就是你要去主应用，用于电动车充电。我觉得这在帮助或将一切集中在一个屋檐下起了很大作用，因为现在同步本身会带来一种心理上的安慰。这让用户承担了很大的心理负担，因为我知道如果我能同步所有这些应用，我就能用一个应用，把所有东西都集中在一个屋檐下。
Amber Fu: Okay. And uh you can uh I think you can go back. Oh, it's okay. You can click on the go to Tesla. You can see it like what's it look like. Yeah, you can click on the stop charging. Yeah. Yes.
Amber Fu：好的。呃，你可以，呃，我想你可以回去。没关系。你可以点击“前往特斯拉”。你能想象它长什么样。是的，你可以点击停止充电。是的。是的。
Donald Rhesa: Okay.  唐纳德·雷萨：好的。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
 
 
00:32:25
 
Amber Fu: And this is uh it's another uh change and also and you can go a little bit down for this page there have like uh also they have like a power outage warning. So uh it's another like event that that are not about your bill limits like outage warning. Yeah. So they separate because they're not like about saving.
Amber Fu：这是另一个变化，而且你可以往下看，这里有停电警告。所以，呃，这又是另一个类似的事件，这和你的账单限额不一样，比如停电警告。是的。所以他们分开，因为他们不是为了储蓄。
Donald Rhesa: Let's  唐纳德·雷萨：让我们来吧
Amber Fu: They're about like re real reliability.
Amber Fu：他们的可靠性非常高。
Donald Rhesa: see. I think the recommendations are nice because it does give you exactly what does tell you exactly what to do to avoid an
唐纳德·雷萨：看。我觉得这些建议不错，因为它确实告诉你该怎么做以避免
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: outage.  唐纳德·雷萨：停机。
Amber Fu: Yeah. So, uh for the event Yeah.
Amber Fu：是的。所以，呃，关于活动，是的。
Donald Rhesa: Yes. Yeah.  唐纳德·瑞萨：是的。是的。
Amber Fu: So, for the event uh event we're basically just showing like uh each like when's happening like uh give user to like a deeper reason like what happened why matter like how impact
Amber Fu：所以，关于事件，我们基本上就是展示每个事件发生的时间，给用户一个更深层次的理由，比如发生了什么、为什么、重要，比如影响有多大
Donald Rhesa: And I think this is nice because uh I think the the analysis of the data itself is uh very good cuz it it does does give you uh uh why and uh how now to be able to implement the corrections does
唐纳德·雷萨：我觉得这很好，因为数据本身的分析非常好，因为它确实告诉你为什么，呃，呃，如何实施修正
 
 
00:35:05
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: provide a very a very a very commendable uh analysis and uh are we now to navigate through knowing what to do first uh next and also in terms of priority that
唐纳德·雷萨：请提供一个非常非常非常值得称赞的分析，呃，我们现在需要先知道下一步该做什么，也要考虑优先级
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Donald Rhesa: is  唐纳德·瑞萨：是
Amber Fu: And and uh you can we can go back home uh for a moment. So yeah. So before we go any deeper, I want to like step back for a second. So and I mean like think about home uh not as a dashboard but as a studies page. So it's supposed to answer user just one question. It's like oh do I need to do anything right now or is everything handled? So when you like first land on the home uh do you feel like you understand your situation in under five seconds?
Amber Fu：你可以，呃，我们可以先回家一会儿。所以，是的。所以在我们深入之前，我想先退一步。所以，我的意思是，把家看作，呃，不是仪表盘，而是研究页面。所以它本来只是想回答用户的一个问题。我会想，我现在需要做什么吗，还是一切都已经处理好了？所以当你第一次降落在家里时，呃，你觉得自己在五秒内就能理解你的处境吗？
Donald Rhesa: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because uh the one in itself uh the over risk that now is the first thing that will draw my attention.
唐纳德·雷萨：是的。是的。是的。因为，呃，那个，呃，现在的过度风险，是第一个引起我注意的。
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And does this scream make you feel like more in control or more aware of problem?
Amber Fu：好的。好的。这种尖叫会让你感觉更有掌控力，或者更意识到问题吗？
 
 
00:36:27
 
Donald Rhesa: I'll say both.
唐纳德·瑞萨：我两者都有。
Amber Fu: Uh-huh.  安柏·傅：嗯哼。
Donald Rhesa: Uh I am in control in the sense that uh this is the information that is provided now for me to act upon and I'm fully aware now I can be able to see uh what
唐纳德·雷萨：呃，我现在是掌控的，因为这些信息是我可以根据的，我完全清楚，现在我能够看到，呃
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: is going on in the app.
Donald Rhesa：应用里正在进行。
Amber Fu: Okay. And so is there anything like that you would not want to see every day in the homepage.
Amber Fu：好的。那么，有没有什么是你不想每天在首页看到的？
Donald Rhesa: Not really. I think uh
唐纳德·瑞萨：其实没有。我觉得，呃
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah.  唐纳德·雷萨：是的。
Amber Fu: Okay. And and does like the uh send send to Tesla to confirm make you feel like a saver or does it feel like kind of like extra
Amber Fu：好的。而且，发送给特斯拉确认的感觉会让你感觉省钱，还是有点额外的感觉
Donald Rhesa: It  唐纳德·瑞萨：就是它
Amber Fu: step?  Amber Fu：步骤？
Donald Rhesa: is a saver. I wouldn't term it I wouldn't term it as an extra save because uh we I would say a
唐纳德·雷萨：是个救家。我不会称之为额外的豁免，因为呃，我们会说
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: saver because if me being prompted uh into going to the Tesla it's helped uh it helps in saving cost or maybe even addressing a particular issue. I wouldn't say it is come up some for me.
Donald Rhesa：省钱，因为如果有人提醒我去特斯拉，这确实帮了我不少钱，甚至可能解决了某个具体问题。我不会说它对我来说有点特别。
 
 
00:37:38
 
Donald Rhesa: I would say it's it's a saver for me because at the end of the day I'll save on cost and it's a win-win.
唐纳德·瑞萨：我觉得这对我来说是省钱的，因为最终我能省下成本，双赢。
Amber Fu: Okay. And um Sure. And you can go uh the the app you can scroll down a little bit. Yeah. Uh more down a little bit. Yeah. Then there have a the device status and the usage. Do you think this but this two part uh feel like useful like what do you think?
Amber Fu：好的。嗯，当然。你可以去应用里往下滚动一点。是的。呃，再往下一点。是的。然后是设备状态和使用情况。你觉得这两部分有用吗？你怎么看？
Donald Rhesa: very useful because uh like now I can be able to see like uh the solar panels are online and the Tesla power is offline. So now it's upon me know did I switch it off maybe by mistake or what should I now do? So now it gives me that uh that now trigger for me now to be able to go and check uh is the fire working okay or is it off? Does it does it need to be back online right now?
Donald Rhesa：非常有用，因为现在我可以看到太阳能电池板在线，特斯拉电力离线。现在我知道，是不是我不小心关掉了它，还是我现在该怎么办？现在它给了我那个“现在”触发器，可以去检查火炉是否正常，还是熄灭了？现在真的需要重新上线吗？
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: And also now me the usage uh like that particular day this is my usage maybe uh for example 32.2 kW and uh the usual usage is uh 47.8 kow.
唐纳德·雷萨：还有，我现在的用电情况，比如说，32.2千瓦，通常用电量是47.8千瓦。
 
 
00:39:10
 
Donald Rhesa: So that really uh basically shows me that on this particular day I have saved a few kilowatts uh uh to be specific I think that is uh 15.6 six glor and uh
唐纳德·雷萨：所以这实际上说明，在这一天，我节省了几千瓦，具体来说，我记得是15.6千瓦，六格洛尔，呃
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: yeah that that does show me am I am I am I maybe maintaining my plan or am I beyond or below my plan or just within my plan that the I think the dashboard itself now gives you
Donald Rhesa：是的，这确实让我知道我是否在维持我的计划，还是超出计划、低于计划，或者仅仅在我的计划内，我认为仪表盘现在给你的是这样
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: that it gives you that now mental comfort of knowing uh where do you stand in terms of usage in terms of saving uh Yeah, I
唐纳德·瑞萨：这会让你在心理上感到安心，知道自己在节省方面处于什么位置，嗯，是的，我
Amber Fu: Okay,  Amber Fu：好的，
Donald Rhesa: guess  唐纳德·瑞萨：猜猜看
Amber Fu: perfect. And um and we can go next page uh the saving part. So uh I want to you know spend spend some time on savings. So this page is we change the most uh yes and and uh before I explain anything like when you say saving what do you expect it to be mean?
Amber Fu：完美。嗯，我们可以继续看下一页，呃，拯救部分。所以，呃，我想花点时间存点钱。所以这个页面是我们变化最多的，呃，是的，呃，在我解释之前，比如你说“保存”，你期望这意味着什么？
Donald Rhesa: Come again.
唐纳德·瑞萨：请再说一遍。
Amber Fu: Uh so like be you know I before I I try to explain anything like when you say like a saving uh what do you expect?
安柏·傅：呃，所以，你知道的，我试着解释什么，比如你说的“拯救”，你还能指望什么？
 
 
00:40:34
 
Amber Fu: Uh this this page is made meaning.
Amber Fu：呃，这个页面是有意义的。
Donald Rhesa: Well, uh my expectation is that uh in terms of cost, yeah, maybe the the total cost that uh the total usage cost now maybe versus uh what I I should actually use. So, uh that now gives me if maybe my projected monthly bill was uh $170. Uh and I am able even maybe to save maybe say 12 $12, sorry. And I'm able to maybe do that in in maybe actualizing uh maybe things like EV charging and uh not using much of the grid of the main grid power. I think now it does give me that uh like now it does give me that knowledge of knowing uh what to do to be able to save the cost to save on cost. Yeah.
唐纳德·雷萨：嗯，呃，我的预期是，呃，从成本角度看，是的，可能是总成本，呃，现在的总使用成本，可能和我实际应该用的相比。所以，呃，现在我可能会知道我的预计月费是170美元。呃，我甚至可能省下12到12美元，抱歉。我可能还能实现，比如电动车充电，减少对主电网电网的使用。我觉得现在它确实让我知道该怎么做，才能节省成本。是的。
Amber Fu: Okay. And yes and and and uh at the top like uh seatelet the two tabs like you can see like the on the top they have a saving and the bill. So yes. So the saving is basically is our side is a cost risk we detected from the behavior and the timing and the bill is like a utility side.
Amber Fu：好的。是的，顶部有两个标签，比如，比如，呃，seatelet，你可以看到，顶部有储蓄和账单。所以，是的。所以节省的部分基本上是我们这边检测到的成本风险，这些风险是我们从行为和时间点发现的，账单则像是公用事业方面。
 
 
00:42:05
 
Amber Fu: It's like what show up on your bill. Yes. So you can click on the bill to see what look like. Uh yeah it's a little bit slow. Yeah. So, um you can you can look around for this page. So top of the is your utility bill. Yeah. And and next tab is a is your true up. And you can scroll down a little bit. And there have a more uh Yes. And there have like uh those are like the top cost drivers we believe uh contribute the most of your bill outcome.
Amber Fu：就像你演出单上出现的那种。是的。所以你可以点击账单查看具体情况。呃，是的，有点慢。是的。所以，你可以在这页上找找看。所以最重要的是你的水电账单。是的。下一个标签是你的真实上线。你可以往下滚动一点。还有更多，呃，是的。而且，这些是我们认为最主要的成本驱动因素，对账单结果贡献最大。
Donald Rhesa: The nice uh the analysis itself is uh yeah it's actually very good cuz uh it does show uh what now really takes much of my of the power uh like uh the EV charging. So uh probably uh from now these data I can be able to know uh should I change the hours that I charge my EV be able to save on cost and uh for the maybe the unavailability of the solar panels and the grid draw need to do that how do I need to maybe mitigate that uh uh for the power grid and uh charging at pe uh do I need now to to be able to set certain hours where now it is off peak and it can be able to charge during that time and I can be
唐纳德·雷萨：好的，呃，分析本身是的，呃，是的，它实际上非常好，因为它展示了现在真正消耗我大部分电力的东西，比如电车充电。所以，呃，从现在开始，这些数据我可以知道，呃，我应该改变给电动车充电的时间，以节省成本，呃，可能因为太阳能电池板的不可用和电网耗电需要这样做？我该如何缓解这些问题？呃，呃，在电力充电时，呃，我现在需要吗？能够在非高峰时段设置特定时间段，并且能在那段时间充电，我可以
 
 
00:44:39
 
Donald Rhesa: able to like u save maybe say a few dollars. Yeah, this now really like now shows me on uh the action uh for me the action plan that I should maybe uh take or implement
唐纳德·瑞萨：能帮你省下几美元。是的，现在这真的让我看到了，呃，行动计划，呃，我应该采取或实施的方案
Amber Fu: Oh,  安柏·傅：哦，
Donald Rhesa: first.  唐纳德·瑞萨：首先。
Amber Fu: got you.  Amber Fu：明白了。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah.  唐纳德·雷萨：是的。
Amber Fu: And like if we only show like you three drivers like this, would would that be enough for you to take action?
Amber Fu：如果我们只展示你们这三位车手，这样你们会采取行动吗？
Donald Rhesa: I mean, if there if they are all the drivers that attribute to uh the savings, I think that's that's okay.
唐纳德·雷萨：我的意思是，如果所有的驱动力都归功于节省，我觉得那没问题。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: If but if there are others, I I would maybe want them to be listed in order of priority.
唐纳德·雷萨：如果有其他的话，我可能会希望它们按优先顺序排列。
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you. Got you. And uh we can we can go back on the like a saving tab. Uh yeah, go go go up a little bit and yeah, the saving and click on saving. So um so when you say like $56 here like uh do you assume think like I oh I save $56 or I maybe uh like waste on uh like $56 on extra cost.
Amber Fu：好的。明白了。明白了。我们可以，我们可以回到储蓄标签页。呃，是的，去往上一点，是的，保存，点击保存。所以，嗯，当你说这里 56 美元时，你是想着我省了 56 美元，还是浪费了 56 美元的额外费用？
 
 
00:46:02
 
Donald Rhesa: I think it links to the latter whereby because uh the status is at risk of this now shows there could be an addition in terms of the billing of an extra $56 there.
唐纳德·雷萨：我认为这与后者有关，因为现在的状态存在风险，显示可能会增加额外56美元的账单。
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. So, so those number is like kind of like a risk cost. So, we detected in the current billing period.
Amber Fu：是的。是的。所以，这个数字有点像风险成本。所以，我们是在当前账单期间检测到的。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah. Yeah.
唐纳德·雷萨：是的。是的。
Amber Fu: So basically just saying like oh if you repeat those pattern there's the amount that they tend to
Amber Fu：基本上就是说，如果你重复那些模式，它们往往会有很大的
Donald Rhesa: Yeah.  唐纳德·雷萨：是的。
Amber Fu: show up extra cost exposure
Amber Fu：出现带来额外费用暴露
Donald Rhesa: Yes. Yes.  唐纳德·瑞萨：是的。是的。
Amber Fu: and and you can uh and also they have like a equation like
Amber Fu：你也可以，呃，他们还有一个方程，比如
Donald Rhesa: Mhm.  唐纳德·雷萨：嗯。
Amber Fu: uh at risk cost is a sum of each event extra cost. So this is like a letter event by event not like a uh black box number. So yeah and also like uh when you uh scroll down a little bit there have a uh the event for uh this month is more like you know it's more like like a risk letter into category like EV solar power wall like each row shows like how many times it's happened in the building periods and uh the total extra cost exposure from the category So it's not daily, it's roll up across a billing period.
Amber Fu：呃，风险成本是每个活动额外费用的总和。所以这就像是按事件字母排列，而不是黑盒子编号。所以，是的，而且，呃，当你往下滚动一点，这个月的活动更像是一封风险信，按类别分成，比如电动汽车太阳能墙，每一行都显示在施工期间发生了多少次，以及该类别带来的总额外成本暴露。所以这不是每天都有， 它是在一个计费周期内滚动的。
 
 
00:47:34
 
Donald Rhesa: Yeah,  唐纳德·瑞萨：是的，
Amber Fu: And we go go ahead please.
Amber Fu：我们请继续。
Donald Rhesa: I think the Uhhuh. Yes.
唐纳德·雷萨：我觉得是嗯。是的。
Amber Fu: Sorry.  Amber Fu：抱歉。
Donald Rhesa: I think it does show a thorough analysis of of how now the usage has been and uh what has contributed into uh one
唐纳德·雷萨：我认为这确实展示了对现今使用情况的全面分析，以及对该法案的贡献
Amber Fu: Hello  安柏·傅：你好
Donald Rhesa: not saving on their building or maybe them saving on their billing. It does show it does show uh what uh what maybe to implement because now for now for the EV charging if you if now
唐纳德·雷萨：他们可能没有节省建筑费用，或者他们节省了账单费用。它确实显示了，呃，应该实现什么，因为现在，关于电动车充电，如果你现在需要
Amber Fu: again.  Amber Fu：又来了。
Donald Rhesa: uh you are able to keep it at the range of 15 to $40 uh you uh or maybe I think the range is now where the the seven hour comes in if I'm not Yeah.
唐纳德·雷萨：呃，你可以把它控制在15到40美元之间，呃，或者我觉得现在的范围就是七小时的起点，如果我没说错的话。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: But now this uh does show you uh what maybe to do. Maybe uh say charge the EV during off peak hours and able to save this $21.32 or even more for the solar panel.
唐纳德·瑞萨：但现在，呃，这个，确实能让你知道该怎么做。比如说，在非高峰时段给电动车充电，这样可以省下21.32美元甚至更多用于太阳能板。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: uh if it was offline maybe for a particular time you really need now to know her when is appropriate time now to or should it be uh maybe online all the time so that as you shift from the main grid to the power all you're able now to save uh on the cost.
唐纳德·雷萨：呃，如果是离线的话，也许在某个特定时间你真的需要现在就知道她，什么时候合适，还是应该一直在线，这样当你从主电网切换到电力时，现在能省下多少钱？
 
 
00:49:05
 
Donald Rhesa: Yeah, this is this is really nice.
唐纳德·雷萨：是的，这真的很棒。
Amber Fu: and yes and you can type in like let's say like EV charging appears four time you can type that yes and there they there have some like a detail page uh it's the ledger like you know each row detect event not a day. So you can review like what happened event by so you can click any. Yeah.
Amber Fu：是的，你可以输入“比如说”电动车充电“出现四次，你可以输入，那里有一个详细页面，呃，就是账本，比如每行检测事件，而不是一天。这样你就可以通过点击任何方式回顾发生了什么事件。是的。
Donald Rhesa: just say that uh the EV was charging when the the prices were high,
唐纳德·雷萨：就说，呃，电动车在价格高的时候还在充电，
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: the electricity prices were high.
唐纳德·雷萨：电价很高。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: Uh why does it matter? Because the charging during the peak hours would cost more per kilowatt. And uh the goal impact is uh this now puts uh a $12 uh uh like increase to my billing to my monthly bill. And uh if maybe one was to know how that was calculated is uh the energy charged uh the peak crates the off peak rate and uh the
唐纳德·雷萨：呃，为什么这很重要？因为高峰时段充电每千瓦的成本会更高。而且，呃，目标影响是，呃，现在我的账单会增加大约12美元，呃，呃，增加到我的月费上。呃，如果有人知道这个计算方法的话，是：能量充能，峰值箱子，离峰速率，还有
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: extra cost and what to do next uh I think does say if you move this charging session to off peak uh now you you you stand at a point now
唐纳德·瑞萨：额外费用和下一步该怎么办，呃，我觉得如果你把充电时间移到非高峰期，呃，你现在就处于一个点
 
 
00:50:37
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: of avoiding uh a particular charge. I think this now gives an analysis on what happened, why does it matter for you now to be able to get this data, how was it leap upon and what do you now do moving forward. I I think that analysis does give uh a user a clear a clear maybe uh action plan on what to do uh from now based based on uh what now has been provided.
唐纳德·瑞萨：避免某项指控。我认为这现在对发生了什么进行了分析，为什么现在能获得这些数据对你来说很重要，它是如何被抓住的，以及你接下来该怎么做。我认为这种分析确实能给用户一个清晰、明确的行动计划，基于现有信息，告诉他们接下来该怎么做。
Amber Fu: Do you think this uh is enough or do you still feel like you want to save source data?
Amber Fu：你觉得这些，呃，已经足够了吗，还是你仍然想保存源数据？
Donald Rhesa: I think this is enough but uh maybe for someone who would be interested to see the source data I think there could maybe provide maybe an option whereby they can be able to get their hands on that.
唐纳德·雷萨：我觉得这已经足够了，但也许对于有兴趣查看原始数据的人来说，我觉得可以提供一个选项，让他们能够获得这些数据。
Amber Fu: Mhm. Gotcha.  Amber Fu：嗯，明白了。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah.  唐纳德·雷萨：是的。
Amber Fu: Yeah. And Yeah, you can just tap tap around to see. So, for this page, like is there anything we're still missing or is there any thing that you wish to have it or you you think nice to have it, but we don't?
Amber Fu：是的。是的，你完全可以轻点点击看看。所以，对于这一页，有没有什么我们遗漏的，或者你希望拥有它，或者你觉得有它很美好但我们没有？
 
 
00:52:28
 
Donald Rhesa: uh except for the for the source data. I don't think there's anything I see missing. Uh this option is for filtering.
唐纳德·雷萨：呃，除了源数据。我觉得我没看到有什么缺失的。呃，这个选项是用来过滤的。
Amber Fu: Oh yeah.  Amber Fu：哦，是的。
Donald Rhesa: Okay. Okay. I think that's that is also a good addition. I I didn't see it early in the other I think I didn't see it early in the the other
唐纳德·雷萨：好的。好的。我觉得这也是个不错的补充。我没早点看到，我觉得我没早点看到
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Donald Rhesa: version.  唐纳德·雷萨：版本。
Amber Fu: And we we we said like the temp impact like category
Amber Fu：我们说的是“临时影响”类别
Donald Rhesa: M sorry let me go back there. This is nice.
唐纳德·雷萨：抱歉，让我回想一下。这挺不错的。
Amber Fu: So if you had to pick only one filter like which one would you actually use like time or impact or like category?
Amber Fu：那如果你只能选一个过滤器，比如你会用时间、影响，或者类别？
Donald Rhesa: I would say time mostly because I want maybe probably I'll want to to see maybe uh analysis of a particular month for example or maybe a particular week.
唐纳德·雷萨：我会说时间，主要是因为我想看到某个月的分析，比如某个特定月份，或者某个特定的周。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah.  唐纳德·雷萨：是的。
Amber Fu: Okay. Yes. And and we can go back a little bit. Uh, oh, that's weird. Uh, you can maybe you can try click on the attention red one more time.
Amber Fu：好的。是的。我们可以稍微回顾一下。呃，哦，真奇怪。呃，你可以再试一次，点击注意红灯。
 
 
00:54:41
 
Amber Fu: Oh, okay.  Amber Fu：哦，好的。
Donald Rhesa: Oh  唐纳德·瑞萨：哦
Amber Fu: Yeah. Uh we can go to the saving. So uh do you mind help me click on the bill and for like uh you see like this amounts bill and there have a re a view more. Yes. Okay. So this is uh this page is our another change. Uh well this page is not like compare your bill to your budget. is uh is a simply checking whether a few specific bill line item match like what we actually uh observed from your solar EV or battery.
Amber Fu：是的。呃，我们可以去救场。所以，呃，你介意帮我点击账单，看看，比如这个金额，账单，还有更多查看。是的。好的。所以，这个页面是我们的另一个变化。呃，这个页面不是那种把账单和预算对比的。这只是检查一些具体账单是否与我们实际从你的太阳能电动车或电池中看到的情况相符。
Donald Rhesa: Okay.  唐纳德·雷萨：好的。
Amber Fu: So we basically we helping you to compare with your utility bill. Yes.
Amber Fu：我们基本上是帮你和你的水电账单做对比。是的。
Donald Rhesa: Oh,  唐纳德·瑞萨：哦，
Amber Fu: So think think of like checking of receipt at the grocery store. So we're not saying like oh the whole receipt is wrong. We're just you know looking at few item like we can clearly recognize and asking like oh does this look right? Uh so so we're just helping like user to help help them to check
Amber Fu：可以把它想象成在超市查看收据。所以我们并不是说整张收据都错了。我们只是看着几个我们能清楚识别的物品，然后问，哦，这个看起来对吗？呃，所以我们只是帮用户帮忙检查
 
 
00:56:26
 
Donald Rhesa: Pardon?  唐纳德·瑞萨：什么？
Amber Fu: like uh each item like such like a uh solar export like my uh for those like for the green like you said like uh left part the green side is what we detected and the red side like the uh the bill is like what you receive from your utility bill. So sometime like you know people think oh uh the PJ or like utility company they charge me wrong. So this is kind of build proof that we helping people uh to do the to to do the check and uh to see if they have a mismatch or something.
Amber Fu：就像，呃，每个项目，比如，呃，太阳能出口，比如我的，呃，关于那些，比如你说的，左边，绿色一面是我们检测到的，红色一面，呃，账单是你从水电费单里收到的。所以有时候，比如你知道的，人们会觉得，哦，呃，睡衣或者水电公司收费不对。这算是我们帮助人们做检查，看看是否有不匹配之类的证据。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah, I think this is this is this is nice because uh one is able to be able to to I think uh do a comparison of the expected bill and uh what was built actually And uh how now they they can be able to know the the amount that was the difference and how now they can be able to take an action plan. Uh according to to the savings that I suggested.
唐纳德·雷萨：是的，我认为这很好，因为人们能够比较预期的费用和实际建造的工程，现在他们可以知道差额，并制定行动计划。呃，根据我建议的节省金额。
Amber Fu: Yeah.  Amber Fu：是的。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah.  唐纳德·雷萨：是的。
 
 
00:57:54
 
Amber Fu: So because like because like in the like left side and it's a it's like a device confirm data and uh and and know the rate and the right like just show like yeah utility bill and the checklist is uh uh like what we have from
Amber Fu：所以，因为左边那边有一个设备，用来确认数据，呃，知道费率，右边就是显示水电费单，清单就是我们现在看到的
Donald Rhesa: Yeah. Yes. I think I also get that maybe uh the data from the smart meter interval the smart meter inter was not captured.
唐纳德·雷萨：是的。是的。我也明白，也许智能电表间隔的数据没有被捕获。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: So I think uh now going forward I'm able to know that uh if I'm using a if it is if I was not using a smart meter I need to use one so that it can now give me a better analysis.
唐纳德·雷萨：所以我认为，呃，现在我能够知道，呃，如果我用的是智能电表，如果我之前没用智能电表，我也需要用智能电表，这样它才能给我更好的分析。
Amber Fu: Yes. So like mo for most people like this is mainly for uh I think a peace of mind. So it's help you understand like your bill and feel confident that nothing is off. So something look like if something like look really strange it's give you a clear uh you know place to start asking question but there is no promise or refund.
Amber Fu：是的。所以对大多数人来说，这种方式主要是为了，呃，我觉得是为了安心。所以这能帮助你理解账单，并放心没有问题。所以如果看起来很奇怪，它会给你一个明确的起点，但没有承诺或退款。
 
 
00:59:23
 
Amber Fu: Yeah,  Amber Fu：是的，
Donald Rhesa: Yeah.  唐纳德·雷萨：是的。
Amber Fu: but if we call this like a bill item check instead like bill proof, would that make feel more clear?
Amber Fu：但如果我们把这称为账单项目支票，而不是账单校验，会不会更清楚？
Donald Rhesa: Build proof. Bill check. I think Bill check will make check more seems more or maybe seems to have more clarity than build proof.
唐纳德·瑞萨：建筑无效。账单。我觉得 Bill Check 会让 Check 更多，或者说看起来比“Build proof”更清晰。
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. For so for like right now like that's all we uh that's it. That's all what we changed from the last demo. Uh, just want to know like what what do you
Amber Fu：好的。好的。所以，现在，就这些，呃，就这样。这就是我们从上次演示中做的所有改动。呃，我只是想知道你怎么做
Donald Rhesa: I think uh I think the changes are very nice and
唐纳德·雷萨：我觉得，呃，我觉得这些改动非常不错，而且
Amber Fu: think?  Amber Fu：觉得？
Donald Rhesa: uh uh this is very commendable from you and your team and uh I think uh it's just I think now it's just a matter of now getting the party version and rolling out the app. I I don't see uh if there's anything that you guys have missed because uh if probably I was to go to the home page back to the homepage there's an option
Donald Rhesa：呃，呃，这对你和你的团队来说非常值得称赞，呃，我觉得现在只是拿到派对版本并推出应用的问题了。我没看到你们遗漏了什么，因为如果我回到主页，会有一个选项
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: of I think this uh the option of uh notifications.
唐纳德·雷萨：我想，呃，通知的选项。
 
 
01:01:03
 
Donald Rhesa: uh now in terms I think these are in terms of priority if I'm not wrong and uh
唐纳德·雷萨：呃，如果我没记错的话，这些是优先级的
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: if I wanted help to maybe with something I need just to come to my
唐纳德·雷萨：如果我需要帮助，也许我需要，我只需要来找我的
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: profile and uh scroll downwards and uh seek uh help and support so I can send a message on any issue that I have. I can know more about what uh Castali is. Uh why is waiting cheaper? Why is uh what is cast all those uh maybe just maybe add a few other options here. uh probably that you guys have maybe probably uh more about Kley,
唐纳德·雷萨：请浏览个人资料，呃，往下滚动，呃，寻求帮助和支持，这样我就能就我遇到的任何问题发消息。我可以更多了解卡斯塔利是什么。呃，为什么等待更便宜？为什么，呃，施放了那么多，呃，也许可以在这里加几个其他选项。呃，你们可能还有更多关于克莱的事，
Amber Fu: Huh?  安柏·傅：嗯？
Donald Rhesa: more about the app uh more about maybe uh uh the version type uh the integration with uh maybe uh devices and all that. uh pro uh if you ask me I I I see the both in terms of the app itself I I would say the UI the user interface itself it's it's
Donald Rhesa：更多关于应用，呃，也许是版本类型，呃，设备集成等等。呃，专业版，呃，如果你问我，我觉得这两个应用本身都有，我会说是界面、用户界面本身，就是它
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: actually very easy to use for in even a first
唐纳德·瑞萨：即使是第一次也很容易用
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
 
 
01:02:18
 
Donald Rhesa: timer and uh uh the design itself uh the UX itself is
Donald Rhesa：计时器，呃，呃，设计本身，用户体验本身
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: also very nice because you are you just need to move from one uh tab to the other and uh you're able to find all this information that will now prompt you to know where to go next. So yeah, kudos to you guys. You're doing a good
Donald Rhesa：也非常好，因为你只需从一个，呃，标签页切换到另一个，呃，你就能找到所有这些信息，提示你知道下一步该去哪里。所以，是的，向你们点赞。你做得很好
Amber Fu: Got you. Thank you. And like in real life,
安柏·傅：明白了。谢谢。就像现实生活中一样，
Donald Rhesa: job.  唐纳德·雷萨：工作。
Amber Fu: when do you think you would open this app?
Amber Fu：你觉得什么时候会打开这个应用？
Donald Rhesa: Uh come  唐纳德·雷萨：呃，拜托
Amber Fu: So like in real life, if you like really using it,
Amber Fu：所以就像现实生活中一样，如果你真的喜欢用它，
Donald Rhesa: again.  唐纳德·雷萨：又一次。
Amber Fu: like when do you think you would open this app?
Amber Fu：你觉得什么时候会打开这个应用？
Donald Rhesa: I think uh uh upon now getting a notification
唐纳德·雷萨：我觉得，呃，现在收到通知后
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Donald Rhesa: probably  唐纳德·瑞萨：很可能
Amber Fu: And uh so so uh if you had to go back to your old way tomorrow, what would you miss this app most? So if like Yeah.
Amber Fu：如果明天你得回到以前的生活方式，你最想念这个应用的是什么？所以如果是的话。
Donald Rhesa: You too.  唐纳德·瑞萨：你也是。
Amber Fu: Like like for this app like which part you think is like really useful or like really can help you situ Asian right now?
Amber Fu：比如说，这个应用你觉得哪一部分真的很有用，或者能帮你现在的亚洲人？
 
 
01:03:35
 
Donald Rhesa: the saving spot.
唐纳德·瑞萨：救命稻草。
Amber Fu: Okay. And um sorry, go ahead.
Amber Fu：好的。嗯，抱歉，请继续。
Donald Rhesa: The saving spot mostly and also now the homepage. Yeah, the homepage dashboard uh cause of it. It does not like really tell me what is at
Donald Rhesa：主要是储藏区，现在也是主页。是的，主页仪表盘就是因为这个问题。它不会真的告诉我发生了什么
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: risk.  唐纳德·雷萨：风险。
Amber Fu: And and do you see like yourself checking this regularly or mostly letting it run in the background if you really using it?
Amber Fu：你觉得自己会定期查看这个功能吗？还是如果真的在用，主要还是让它在后台运行？
Donald Rhesa: I I'd probably be uh using it on a regular on regular
Donald Rhesa：我可能会用它在常规版上，定期用
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Donald Rhesa: occasions.  唐纳德·雷萨：《Occasions》。
Amber Fu: Okay. And um and also I want to ask like at what point would this be worth to paying for for for you?
Amber Fu：好的。还有，我想问一下，什么时候你觉得值得花钱买？
Donald Rhesa: uh  唐纳德·雷萨：呃
Amber Fu: Uh yeah. So just uh at what point like you think oh this app worth to paying
Amber Fu：呃，是的。所以，呃，什么时候你觉得这个应用值得付费
Donald Rhesa: sp  唐纳德·雷萨：音
Amber Fu: for  琥珀傅：用于
Donald Rhesa: uh I think with all these features uh I would think it is worth paying for maybe a certain subscription and uh probably uh you're asking about the amount I would pay
Donald Rhesa：呃，我觉得考虑到这些功能，呃，我觉得付费订阅是值得的，呃，你可能问的是我愿意付多少钱
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And um and what one thing does that you still feels harder than it should?
Amber Fu：好的。好的。那，嗯，有什么事情让你觉得比应该的更难？
 
 
01:05:02
 
Donald Rhesa: Uh nothing really. Uh maybe probably uh uh I would still uh suggest like I did last time. I think I I made a suggestion of having an option uh you see where we have now the notification
唐纳德·雷萨：呃，没什么特别的。呃，也许，呃，呃，我还是会像上次那样，呃，建议。我记得我建议过要有个选项，你看现在通知的地方
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: option.  唐纳德·雷萨：选项。
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: We can have an option of help for someone who doesn't Yeah,
唐纳德·瑞萨：我们可以为那些没有帮助的人提供帮助的选项，是的，
Amber Fu: Okay.  Amber Fu：好的。
Donald Rhesa: maybe somewhere around here. Uh we have now this option of notifications. We have uh the degrees uh the uh that now uh section where we choose the the weather probably we can have an option of either here or maybe at the at the corner of uh of help. uh you asking now the user be able to ask questions and and
唐纳德·瑞萨：也许就在这附近。呃，我们现在有了通知选项。我们有，呃，温度，呃，现在，呃，呃，我们选择天气的地方，我们可以选择这里，或者在帮助的拐角处。呃，你现在问，用户可以提问吗？
Amber Fu: Mhm.  Amber Fu：嗯。
Donald Rhesa: getting responses in real time either from a from a human or maybe a chatbot. But I think if a human is better, I think uh yeah because a chatbot might be limited in terms of maybe the
唐纳德·瑞萨：实时收到回复，无论是来自真人还是聊天机器人。但我觉得如果真人更好，我觉得，呃，是的，因为聊天机器人可能在某些方面有限制
Amber Fu: Gotcha. Gotcha.
Amber Fu：明白了。明白了。
Donald Rhesa: response.  唐纳德·雷萨：回应。
Amber Fu: Okay. And what you know what that's really been incredible helpful and thank you so much for walking through this with us and really appreciate like you know how thoughtfully you went through this. This is you know kind of feedback is is exactly what shaped the product. So I think we um I mean I don't think this as a user testing. I think this is something is like a kind of like co- building. So um if you're open to it, I love to have you as part of small group who use the app in the real life and help us decide like what we build next and what to keep simple and what not to build. So uh uh absolutely like we will absolutely like uh compensate or provide uh incentive for your time and your feedback will be like directly influenced our road map. Yeah.
Amber Fu：好的。你知道吗，这真的帮了大忙，非常感谢你和我们一起走过这段经历，真的很感激你是多么用心地经历了这一切。这种反馈正是塑造产品的关键。所以我觉得我们，嗯，我不认为这是作为用户测试。我觉得这有点像共建。所以，嗯，如果你愿意的话，我很喜欢你作为小组成员，在现实生活中使用这个应用，帮助我们决定接下来要做什么，哪些要保持简单，哪些不该做。所以，呃，呃，绝对会，呃，为了你的时间，呃，我们的时间，呃是的。
Donald Rhesa: You're right.
唐纳德·瑞萨：你说得对。
Amber Fu: And I'm really appreciate and once the the product is live and we would love to invite you to try it with your like actual bill and charging habit.
Amber Fu：我非常感激，一旦产品上线，我们很想邀请你用你的实际账单和收费习惯来尝试。
Donald Rhesa: Yeah, I'd be I'd be down for that. You're most welcome. I will. I will. Bye-bye.
唐纳德·瑞萨：是的，我愿意，我愿意。不客气。我会的。我会的。再见。