Christina Distefano - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Hi.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Hi. Hi. How are you?
Amber Fu: Hi. Good. Good. Hi. Hi. Um, how's your day going so far?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Pretty good. How about you? What What time zone are you in?
Amber Fu: Um, actually I'm right now in the Hong Kong.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Okay.
Amber Fu: Yes. And uh is uh 11 a.m. right now.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Okay. Okay. Great.
Amber Fu: Yeah, cuz I'm like uh uh I live in LA, but I just travel a lot. So, yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Right. Right.
Amber Fu: Okay. So uh yeah, thanks again for like uh making time for this. I know like everyone's busy right now. So this is like super super casual and let me introduce myself a little bit.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Absolutely.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Uh my name is Amber and I'm the one of a founder and um I started this because you know I couldn't figure out why my own electricity bill were so crazy and I realized a lot of like my
 
 
00:01:18
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Mhm.
Amber Fu: friends uh are dealing with the same thing and basically we are just a small team based in LA and just a bunch of uh tech folks who also you know got hit with a crazy electricity bill. So we are try to building an app that help people save money on their like daily energy use without changing their lifestyle.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Right.
Amber Fu: So um I love to understand how your home use electricity daytoday so you know we can figure out uh what would actually help.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Okay. Okay.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. And before we get start, would you be okay if I record this call? It just help us make sure we don't miss anything you say, but totally option.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Sure. That's fine.
Amber Fu: Okay, sure. Thanks. Uh, give me one second. Okay, cool. So, yeah. Uh, let's start.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Okay, sounds good.
Amber Fu: Yeah. And uh before we jump into you know the energy stuff um I love to get a quick sense of your household just understand like you said bit better.
 
 
00:02:31
 
Amber Fu: Uh so uh how how many people leaving your home right now?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So I my family I have a husband and I have two children. One um is at in college right now and then one is in Chicago. Um and then my mom also lives here too. So um there's three at all times and sometimes five.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Got it. And um how how big is your house uh roughly?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. It's about 5,500 square feet, so it's a big house.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. And um do you mostly work from home or is everyone flying and out?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, well, my husband work, he does not work from home. Um, I work, you know, I I do a little bit of work from home. Um, so yeah, and then my mom's, you know, she's retired, so It's It's all over the place.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay. Got it. And uh what kind of schedule do you normally have?
 
 
00:03:31
 
Amber Fu: It's just pretty constant or all over the place week to week.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. My husband's is more consistent, but mine's kind of all over the place.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And you know um does electricity use change a lot on weekend?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um I would say, um, you know, I don't know. I've never really like looked so closely to know like when we use more or less, but I would say probably, you know, lights are on more. There's probably more um laundry going um you know, that sort of thing.
Amber Fu: Um, okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, probably I mean we have between all of us, we have three EV cars, too. So, um yeah, and it I mean it kind of just depends on um you know that also the
Amber Fu: Okay, got it. And um so when will be the busiest time during the day in your home and when is a quiet time you think?
 
 
00:04:35
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: busiest um well I would say probably in the evening is probably the busiest you know because we have the lights on have um you know there's dishwasher are going there's you know sometimes oven going you know that sort
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: of thing um so I would definitely in the evening maybe the weekend too yeah oh I would say like I mean because we try and eat earlier too so I would say maybe like 4 to 7 yeah 78
Amber Fu: Oh, what what time during the what time? Like five star five or Got it. Got it.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: something like that I mean it just kind of depends because sometimes we'll go upstairs and the lights will be off off downstairs though.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it. Okay. Well, perfect. Perfect. Thanks for sharing that. And uh by the way, I noticed you got the solar, right?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Mhm. Yes. Yes. So, we have to Tesla solar and power walls, three EVs, which Well, well, my mom my mom also has an EV, so we have two, my husband and I, and then my mom has one.
 
 
00:05:26
 
Amber Fu: And the Okay. Oh, okay. Solar and power. W and the two EV, right? Three UIs.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. And is all same brand or is totally different? I mean the EV charging.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I'm sorry I lost you for a moment.
Amber Fu: Oh, yeah. Uh the EV charging is a old Tesla or it's a different brand.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, we actually have um three Nema plugs with the Tesla charging cable, but we don't have the um Tesla um Tesla charger. We do have a charge point because we had a different EV car that we've gotten rid of. Um, but we do still have that that charge point.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. And well, but still like you got a full set full setup. So, so that's put you in, you know, the top few percent of home we talk to. So, I'm excited to hear like how your system behave in your real life.
 
 
00:06:31
 
Amber Fu: And uh so when you first installed the solar uh what's the reason make you decide to you know um
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Right. Uh yeah, the reason um so we are kind of we have been evacuated for the fires before. Um so I mean number one I I think our solar bill was kind you know I'm sorry our electrical bill was kind of expensive and then number two we evacuated for the fires and um the power outages that have come along with that. Um, so and then we also had, you know, honestly we also got the car at the Tesla and we loved it so much that we were like, you know, we probably should start thinking about um, you know, getting
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: the the Tesla solar and then the power walls, you know, are just reassuring, you know, to know that you have that extra that extra backup if need be because we have had, I mean, multiple times. I mean, I remember the power went out on a Thanksgiving, you know, and plenty of neighbors in the neighborhood were like, "Oh my gosh, like how am I going to cook my turkey?"
 
 
00:07:37
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: And I was like, you know, we we had no issues. So, we got the EV cars first and then we got the Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And how about the uh the EV like uh so you got the solar first or the EV first? Okay. Okay. And uh and also the power wall, why you you think, "Oh, it's time to get the power wall.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah, for for that same reason like the power outages and stuff like that, we wanted that um that backup in case we needed it. And in fact, we have friends that ended up getting it also, but um I remember when we were talking through it with it and um he you know, the husband gave me gave us a really hard time and he's like, "What? So you're getting solar? You're paying all this money for solar and backup batteries for like one time a year that the power goes out. And as you know, living in LA, we've had more rolling blackouts more and more recently.
 
 
00:08:29
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, it's so funny. I'm like, yeah. So, that one time a year, that one time a year, not anymore.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. So well the but uh because I I have I only got a EV charging because I live in the Pasadena but my house is like the it's a old house yet you know so I try to uh got
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yes. Mhm.
Amber Fu: the solar but the city is you know I I talked to the city and you know and it's take a really long long time. So and also I researched some like the you know the about the battery the power wall and another brand uh I al I always wondering know like uh I talked to a lot of people and like like I say 60% people they got a power wall and like 40% they got like some else brand. So, I was wondering like why you got the power wall or before you purchase the power wall, did you get some research like for the battery backup brand?
 
 
00:09:39
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, so yeah, I mean we really wanted to go with the solar and the the power wall and we wanted to go with Tesla. Like we just wanted it to be one thing. I mean, we have some neighbors that were first, you know, got solar and then they've tried to get the Tesla Power Wall and they've had issues with it um because they didn't they don't have a Tesla solar.
Amber Fu: Oh.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, I've even heard of neighbors in my neighborhood that have tried to get the Tesla solar and backup, but they won't they won't do it for some reason in our neighborhood.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, I you know, I don't really know, but we wanted we wanted the whole package. We wanted it to all be together and Tesla.
Amber Fu: Yeah, got it. Okay. So, the solar and the power walls all uh belongs to Tesla. It's the same brand.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yes. Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it.
 
 
00:10:28
 
Amber Fu: And well um since you know you uh live with those system for a while, are they doing good or can you think anything you're not super happy with?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. I mean overall like we are super happy. I mean, I will say like the one thing that I struggle with um be when we first got it because I think it was installed in 2020 I it was we we did it over COVID so I don't know if it's 2020 or 2021 and and the um customer support was much better as far as you could call and you could actually get I don't love I mean that's even something I don't love with the Tesla
Amber Fu: Mhm. Oh.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: car is the back and forth with the messages and that sort of thing. And because you know solar is a different scenario that's like like you know it's not working. I need help. But for the most part we haven't had any issues with it.
Amber Fu: Yes. Okay.
 
 
00:11:25
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I mean the only thing the only thing is sometimes when the power goes out like the grid goes out we have like just a quick like our power goes out and like all the computers will go out and everything and then the solar will kick in. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And and uh so how how about right now like as a customer service everything's is good.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I I mean I don't I don't love you know I haven't had to deal with them for a while but um the last time I did it was you know kind of you know it's harder to get a hold of someone but that seems to be the age right now. You know we're all about chat bots and you know not not a human. Um so you know I don't love that.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I love I would I don't mind a little bit of that, but I want an out to get human, you know, if I'm really in a pinch.
 
 
00:12:12
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, you know, I know that they had a recall on their battery, so I did send a message and I think it took about a week and a half for them to respond back to me. Um, I don't know. I I'd like a little bit faster turnaround.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. Okay. And um so like you mentioned that with you have a three ease in that home.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yes.
Amber Fu: How do you usually decide like okay which one get the charge first?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, so we actually have three of the Nema plugs. So each car has its own Nema plug that we can plug it in. So we automatically um, you know, just plug them in. We did have a fourth EV um, but we we that that lease ended up um,
Amber Fu: Uh
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: being done. So, we didn't have that. So, that made it a little bit more complicated because that one had to use the charge point and the rest were Tesla.
 
 
00:13:13
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, so we'd have to change out the charge point and the Tesla Nema plug.
Amber Fu: okay. But uh yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, but we don't Yeah, we don't have to because there's three for each car. We don't really have to fight for the charging or anything like that.
Amber Fu: Okay. But uh since like you have a a different brand of EV char uh charging um I I heard some people said you know uh if the brand uh don't belong to the Tesla we have some problem you know.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah, I honestly really don't use it for the Tesla um because I find it just easier to use the you know, we just have the charging cable that goes from the Neo plug to the Tesla. Um, and I find that more easier than dealing with a charge point because um it you know that has the what is that the J whatever plug versus the Tesla plug. Um so I don't know why they just don't make it all universal and we have the same plug but yeah.
 
 
00:14:14
 
Amber Fu: Okay. And what does anyone ever like forgot to plug in their car or plug in too late?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yes. Yes. I just did the other day actually. Um, yeah, I mean we try and be diligent about it, but yeah, it does happen sometimes.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. But uh like have you ever like wish the system could just figure out the best way to schedule all three car automated?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um well I we we have them scheduled so that they they do it on the off um time because you know our batteries start to I you know I don't watch it super close but they start to draw in the evening and um I think we still have to pull from the grid to charge. It depends on, you know, how many cars we're charging, but um we have it so that it's charging during the um you know, the off time or not the off time, but the cheap time in the evening.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Okay.
 
 
00:15:13
 
Amber Fu: Uh what so which uh uh which company you're using right now? The PG.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um Southern California Edison.
Amber Fu: Oh.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Southern California.
Amber Fu: Oh, California s. Okay. Okay. And uh you are in the toou rate plan, right?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: the what? I'm sorry.
Amber Fu: Uh the toou the rate plan like the they have you know like Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Oh, I I think so. I don't Yeah. Is that the I think there's a specific one for the solar. Yeah. I I I think that's it. I mean, I honestly and their bills like I don't even understand like they're Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I just don't you know I mean we get like low bill sometimes it's more expensive sometimes it's just the the like fe fee each month and then we get one usually fat bill like I think in August you
Amber Fu: Okay. Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: know so it's kind of it's not very transparent I don't feel like um you know
 
 
00:16:13
 
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And well um do you ever wondering whether your car are charging more from the solar or more from the Oops.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I yeah I mean I kind of wonder but I also like it's kind of all just you know I don't know like I I don't sit there and look at it per se. Um like I probably should and be like even you know like we're probably due for a cleaning of our solar panels. So I'm I should probably be looking at what was last year versus this years and um you know are we getting the same but I don't I don't look at all that data quite honestly.
Amber Fu: Okay, got it. Got it. And have you ever like notice your car still charging during the peak hours? Like undecided.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um yeah, you know, like it it rolls over into the peak hours because it's taken so long. Um I'm sure it probably has, but I don't know that I've totally like noticed that per se because I know that there was a time my husband like he charged.
 
 
00:17:10
 
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: He came home really late and yeah, I think it was still charging and he had to go to work and Yeah. So, and he didn't even have enough charge. So, yeah.
Amber Fu: But are there are are there times when you solar is exploding the growth but your car not uh are not charging like have you ever noticed that like
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. I honestly I've never really you where the the solar's drawing for the house you're saying and then it's pulling from the grid for the car.
Amber Fu: hm Mhm. Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Oh, I can almost guar I can almost guarantee you we probably do that on a regular basis, but I just haven't really like, you know, sat there and looked at the app to notice that.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I would think we definitely do. Um, especially I mean I abs I mean definitely like when there's a storm and it's like okay it's pulling but it it doesn't pull as much as it normally does from the battery which is great because I mean
 
 
00:18:12
 
Amber Fu: God. Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: it kind of controls that all on your its own. You don't have to really be that involved.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So yeah, we did have a fourth EV.
Amber Fu: And Got it. Yeah. And well, uh so uh are so you said you consider have like one more EV like in the future. Oh, okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um but we've gotten rid of it. Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. And what do you mind ask like what the reason?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um well, it was a Kia. Um and it was our daughter was driving it. Um, and it was one of the first Kia EV cars and quite honestly, it was a nightmare.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, it yeah, it it just it wasn't up to par yet for it wouldn't charge fast enough. It wouldn't hold a charge long enough. Um, I just think it they were behind the curve on that where Tesla was way and we had such a great experience with Tesla that we were like at at the time we needed to get her a car and we're like, "Okay, do we go EV or do we go like a hybrid?"
 
 
00:19:28
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: huge mistake.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: We hybrid. Um it was a nightmare for three years during the lease and we couldn't wait to get rid of it.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So yeah, not all EV cars are created equally.
Amber Fu: Okay. And well, between like the three cars, does anyone ever need to the car like really urgent and realize it wasn't charge enough? Like is there happen Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yes, we Oh yeah. Yes. Um, I mean, luckily, like we have the flexibility, you know, where um, like my husband's had to take my car before, you know, and just, um, you know, I got to take your car and then luckily I'm in a position where either I can be at home to charge it or I can go to a supercharger. Um, and then my h my husband's even had to do that like he gets in the car and, you know, either he's forgotten to charge it or whatever the situation is and and he's like, "Oh, no."
 
 
00:20:14
 
Amber Fu: Oh.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, he's had to go to a supercharger before going to work. It's not ideal, but but yeah, it's happened um if you know exactly what your schedule is going to be.
Amber Fu: Oh, got it. And do you wish the system could just tell each car like, "Oh, how much to charge based on the tomorrow schedule?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: But if it's if you're kind of, you know, you don't really know, then um yeah, I think that's harder.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: But I mean, you know, I don't even even want to go to Tesla's supercharger and I have my navigation in and it says, you know, only five minutes, you know, to reach your destination of charging. I hardly ever just that five minutes.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Like I'm like, no, I want to like maybe 10, 15, something like that. like I want a little extra just to be sure. I mean, it's pretty valid for the most part is what I've come to realize, but it's more just about my security, you know, and my my anxiety
 
 
00:21:28
 
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And um so how many app do you have right now? like the, you know, uh, one Tesla and do you need, uh, the second app like uh, like Charger Point or something.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, yes. So, I have the Tesla app. I have Charge Point. I have um what's the other one? Pulse something. Pulse. I had that for the Kia. The charge point and I don't like either of those. They're horrible. I don't like them.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um and I don't like third party chargers. Um my experience with the Kia and the Charge Point and everything, they're broken down. They don't function. You call, they can't fix it. I I rarely have that. maybe like I've had two that aren't working that I just moved, you know, and I can move to another one. Um, I don't think they're user friendly.
 
 
00:22:19
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, and I could not stand the way the Kia was not intuitive like the Tesla as far helping with that.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it. And while uh talking to the power wall and have you like ever change the power wall reserve manually?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah, we have. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Uh what what made you do it?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, I think well it was kind of like in the beginning when we were trying to figure it out and we went with like the Tesla settings I think and then we kind of like adjusted it to what
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: we thought. Um, and then I think there's been a time where um, and I can't remember exactly why we did it and my husband's like, "No, we're going to change it so that it reserves more." Um yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh, and well, do you ever wondering if your power was being used in the most infect way or do you just leave it alone?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um I'm sorry you glitched out a minute.
 
 
00:23:25
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Do I ever do we change it?
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Do you like ever wondering like your power was being used like really the good way or just uh you just let them run by yourself.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. Yeah, quite honestly, like I wonder if all of it's like being used properly. Like if there was someone to kind of monitor and say, "Hey, like I noticed that you're um you know, like I remember I had an issue. I think our bill was really high." So
Amber Fu: All right.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I called Edison and I was like, "Why is it so big?" I said, "Well, you should check with Tesla because it looks like maybe your diverter or I don't know, whatever the hell it is, like might be something might be wrong with it." So I contacted Tesla. They're like, "No, that's not the issue." Um, but I wish that there were kind of like if Tesla would could say, you know, um, we noticed that you're charging and you know, you're charging during peak hours.
 
 
00:24:17
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: You if you adjusted it, you know, yeah, there would be great it would be great to have some guidance there because we don't know what we're doing.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. A lot of a lot of my friend they also have a same consider you know they want to know like exactly what what they're doing right now and is the if the system doing right or wrong.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Right.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Exactly. Like I don't know. And then I also don't know. Like I mean I thought I was going to hardly get a bill and some months I do but then some months I don't. And I'm like I I'm a little confused, you know?
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And uh do you mind I ask like uh how much you pay your electricity bill right now and how much you paid before you got the solar.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. So, because I remember like the so it it kind of depended before the solar.
 
 
00:25:08
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, like I said, we now it's kind of like I know I think the minimum's $30 because you have like that fee you have to pay every month.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, or sometimes it's higher than that. Um, it just kind of depends on the month.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: And then like I said in August, I usually have about a $1,000 bill in August um for for that one lump sum.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I think it's the annual whatever it is like you know the in and out of the energy and they figure that out. Um, but it's it there's no rhyme or reason to me.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. And well um since I we uh we talked to a lot of uh my friends and uh someone they got a power wall they always worry about you know they are even will drawing the power wall too much at the night. Uh, have you ever have a those problem?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: No. Well, I think I I mean I could be wrong, but I think for the most part because I've seen it on the app before where it's like, you know, EV charging halted due to, you know, to low power wall or something like that.
 
 
00:26:27
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, I feel like it's and that's why we wanted like the Tesla with the Tesla because I we felt like maybe it could read each other better. Um, so I do feel like it is intuitive in that regard. So, it does it does kind of do what it needs to do there, you know, cuz we were concerned like, okay, is the battery going to drain for charging the car when we really need it to, you know,
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And Okay, got it.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: keep the the fridge cold or something. But no, it seems to be intuitive and no.
Amber Fu: And well, have you ever uh have those situation like you know when you woke up and realize that the power was lower than your expect because the EV charged? Uh in there happened before.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I I we've we've never had that before that that I yeah am aware of. I mean, you know, when our power went out for like multiple days, you know, it was kind of interesting like we're kind of like, okay, this is going to be a test, but we really like we were able
 
 
00:27:28
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: to store enough in the battery to keep us running, but it did not car.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, we did have to go to a supercharger for that, but we we anticipated that that's going to be the issue because we don't we don't really I mean, charging a car would be great, but like I wanted
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: to charge the house, you know, more than anything.
Amber Fu: Got it.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. And and for uh speak to like the uh manually do the power reserve like how often do you find yourself manually uh adjusting the power wall reserve level.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Not often at all. I mean, I think we've kind of just sat and I think there, if I remember correctly, I think there was kind of like a recommendation of what to do and we just kind of that and like I said,
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I think there was one event and I can't remember exactly what it was, but like, you know, I'm going to adjust it so that like we keep more in the power wall.
 
 
00:28:29
 
Amber Fu: Got it. But and and when you think like about your daytoday like what part of your energy setup require require the most attention from you or you think it's just like don't need too much attention.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. I mean, I I would say the the biggest thing is the um car charging. You know, if I could have if I I could have something on my the flooring of my garage that charges my car and I could just drive over it and you don't have to think of you don't have to think about charging or anything like that because I mean you do you pull in the driveway and you think, okay, like I have all these groceries in the back of my car. I'm first going to plug my car in because I know that I can't forget that. Then I'm going to get the groceries.
Amber Fu: Yes.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Or it's like, okay, well, I know that the the cord's going to be an issue for me to get around it because I have big boxes coming from Costco, so okay, get the boxes, but don't forget to charge
 
 
00:29:28
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: your car, you know? So, I mean, you do have that mental load of don't forget. So, I would say that's probably the biggest like I don't think about that with the laundry. I don't think about it with the oven. I don't think about it with my lights. Like, it's just second nature to turn off your lights.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, but I would say that's probably my biggest one.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. But uh have you ever used like a third app? I I know like right now they have some uh third party app they are uh doing something like that you know uh notice people when you should be charged uh and notice no.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: No, no, I haven't used any other third parties yet.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Uh have you like you know tried to search something like that online
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I honestly I haven't I haven't searched Yeah. for that.
 
 
00:30:20
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I've just really used the Tesla for the, you know, for the power walls and the solar and um then the car charging, but I try and avoid that charge point and uh the other one as much as I can. Pulse what I think of what it's called, but yeah.
Amber Fu: okay and Uh, so do and right now I I think your electricity bill is not high, but do you still want to the bill was lower like a little bit?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Oh yeah, definitely.
Amber Fu: Do you a thousand?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Like I get that thousand dollar bill in August and I'm just like, you know, it's a it's a thousand usually in the August when they do that yearly like adjustment.
Amber Fu: Okay. Well, after the solar Uhhuh.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. So it ends up being a well they say it's it's that yearly adjustment where like I don't know that that they look at it for the entire year of like what we've contributed versus what we've taken.
Amber Fu: Have you asked why is that?
 
 
00:31:09
 
Amber Fu: Why? Why is that? I Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: And in the past we've had four EV cars. So I don't know. I mean hopefully that goes down a little bit but but I I don't know. But I have other neighbors that are like we don't we don't we don't get a bill. like what you don't get a bill.
Amber Fu: Okay. But but how about last month's like uh Oh, okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Oh, last month's like uh you know was I think it was $60 if I remember correctly.
Amber Fu: Okay. That's not That's not bad.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Yeah. But $1,000, you know, is come from nowhere.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. No, that that's the once a month that or I'm sorry once a year. That's the once a year like they do this allocation.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I can't remember what they call it but some allocation thing. So, it's usually like in August.
 
 
00:32:04
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I know that that usually comes. Um, but we do have at least a 30 I want to say it's a $30 or $29.99 or something like that charge for the fee each month, I think it's called. Um, and then it just depends if there's something on top of that or not.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And well like if like right now there have a like uh one app just uh tell you like exactly uh how how how much you are saving right now and how much you are pay for this month and why you're paying for this month like uh do you like like to try it like they have like a like you know like saving report like you know oh uh how much for per week or how much per
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: per month something like that. Do you do you like to try it?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Right. Right. Well, yeah, absolutely. I mean, I think that if there was some sort of added value of like, you know what, we're reviewing your usage and, you know, you definitely could be decreasing it by, you know, charging your car.
 
 
00:33:09
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Like, I remember I did get a fat bill and I called Edison and they're like, "Well, you're using a lot of you, you know, during peak hours." And then I asked my husband. I didn't realize he had taken his his car charging off at night because he was thinking, "Okay, we have solar."
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: like it doesn't matter. We can just do it whenever and we were still pulling from the grid during those hours. So, we're like, oh no, you got to change that back to to the evening. Um, but if someone could kind of like if there was an added val value app like that, then definitely, you know, it's like, yeah, and this is what you should be paying.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: This is because I I find Edison I mean we had an issue when we first started with the solar and Edison didn't click us over into solar for I don't know we had the we had the um certificate
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: to operate but for some reason that got lost in their cycle so I was still getting these huge bills and it took me forever to deal with that.
 
 
00:34:04
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I mean I'm not I'm not impressed with Edison.
Amber Fu: Oh.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Okay. I am not impressed with them at all.
Amber Fu: But you know, you you just don't have too much choice and do whatever they want.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah, you don't have choices. And I feel like they know that they have you and they can they can, you know. Yeah, they can. Yeah, exactly.
Amber Fu: Yeah. That's what I I hate because you know you I have to pay you know you don't have a choice.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: No, you don't. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Yeah. So yeah, I know. Yeah. I know exactly and well do you do you know like the electricity they have the certain time this cheap do you know like when will be start because so some people they don't know but some people oh they
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: notice that oh at my plan they have like start to five to eight their pickover or off pickover have you ever Oh, okay.
 
 
00:35:05
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. I I I don't know exactly what it is, but I I I think we have our car charging at 900 p.m. I want to say. Um, so it's the lower lower period. I mean, I know that we researched that, but I don't have it memorized. And I do know that winter is different than summer.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: The time the time frame is different.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, so I just try to like I know probably like 4, 4 to 8. It's going to be, you know, kind of prime prime time.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um, I do always set my dishwasher to run after 900 PM. Um, if it's if it's later in the afternoon, if it's in the morning, I usually run it cuz the morning's usually lower.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So, Right.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And um so uh I talked some of my friend they have a uh solar and they always want want like during the uh sunny day they want their solar first like you know uh the home using the solar uh for everything like EV charging something like that and uh and then uh the power wall and do you ever ever like doing that thing like you know during the sunny day you try to charging your are.
 
 
00:36:22
 
Amber Fu: So you don't need to pay anything.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Well, that's kind of what we thought like when we first started and that's why we took he took his car off the the time, but then we were finding that and maybe that's because we have the batteries charging so much during the day that, you know, maybe if we were to back off, but that's where it gets a little gray and confusing to me.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay. So Okay. Well, that's that's a little weird. And have you tried to, you know, talk the like solar company or you try to figure out why is that?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. No, but I mean I'm guessing kind of like if we back off on the charging the battery then probably we could get more, you know. But yeah, I don't I don't know if we're doing the right thing or not by doing that, you know? I don't know by what how we have it right now.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I I'm not really sure.
 
 
00:37:23
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I mean, like I said, I mean, it's like I it's kind, you know, it's kind of all kind of vague to me and I don't really know.
Amber Fu: Okay. God.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: No one really gives you the guidance. They just, you know, so I I don't really know what the heck I'm doing.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Got it. Got it. And well um so if if like uh there was a system that handle all the timing you know and help you explain everything like you know the EV charging uh like when you need to use more solar and like so you don't you don't have to think about it what's your first reaction for that if their hypism can Do
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: right? Yeah, I think that would be great. Like someone like to kind of assist you through this process. I mean honestly like when I started this I was so overwhelmed with it and I was pretty much the one that was in charge of doing it for the household and we were we kind of we've been looking at solar forever but it's kind of daunting and I don't understand it and then like we had two panels and you know electrical panels and then the electrician came and he's explaining that like I I don't know they
 
 
00:38:36
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: had to merge it and whatever and I mean I as far as I'm concerned like I It was it was a foreign language that I was learning and I'm like I have no idea what you I don't even know how to turn the system on and back on quite honestly, you know.
Amber Fu: Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I just Yeah, it you got like how many levers and things and I'm like I don't know.
Amber Fu: Yeah, that's Yeah, that's box.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: So yeah.
Amber Fu: That's Yeah, because I know like Tesla solar is not not cheap.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. And even expensive.
Amber Fu: It's expensive.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. Yeah. And then even electrician comes to do work and I show them and I'm like I help yourself but I have no idea like I don't know. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Yeah. And but um so but are you going to like if you if there have a system like that but uh are you going to worry about something like privacy or losing control or you know some third party you don't know something like that.
 
 
00:39:35
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I mean, I would kind of like to Tesla to back it, you know, or, you know, Tesla or like Southern Comfor Edison like, "Hey, listen. There's there's a third party that you can um that can help you monitor this that can help you kind of be a liaison between the two." Um,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I think that I would be more receptive to it than just some random third party. And then what do I have to give them? Do I have to give them access to my Edison account? Do I have to give them access to my Tesla solar?
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Like, how are they going to see all of it?
Amber Fu: Okay. Um so uh if it okay like uh they say oh can you give me uh your last month's bill like the electricity bill do you think that's okay or you think uh I will think about it Okay.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Uh, I I probably would be okay with that. I'd probably be okay.
 
 
00:40:29
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I mean, what what are they going to take? I mean, maybe you could can't, you know, they cross out your address and stuff, but what what more are they in your account number, but what are you going to I don't know. I don't think they do too much.
Amber Fu: Yeah, just got it. Got it. And and um so well if this system can also help you lower your rate like uh are you willing to pay it or you think uh I will think about it or depends how much you're saving.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah, I guess it would depend on like what the cost is and how much I'm saving and you know and what kind of added value it it it gives to Okay.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. And well, if there have a you know like imagine it if you have a magic right now and you can you can make your solar or EV or power wall be smarter or changing something. What will be the first thing you want to change?
 
 
00:41:33
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um I I think the intuitiveness as far as like um you know helping us kind of like you like you said like added value like um you know I noticed that you're charging you're not using the best you know the the best time um you're using a lot of energy today was more energy than usual. Like, and then you'd be at least to be like, "Okay, what was it? Okay,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: we had all three cars charging versus two or you know and maybe just um almost like an I mean even if there was like an AI thing that just kind of was like you know your usage was better
Amber Fu: Mhm.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: today your you know almost like your credit score you know like you went down um you know went down today and we noticed by such and such or um you know, uh, your, you know, your power walls at such and such and, you know, we don't foresee any weather coming. Perhaps you'd like to use more solar or, you know, all of that.
 
 
00:42:40
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I mean, I kind of look at the app on some of these things and I'm like, I don't even know how to interpret it, you know?
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. And what?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: And I'm sure there's probably informationals, but like I haven't taken the time to learn it. I just hope that I I mean I I kind of feel like Tesla would probably reach out and say like your your system's not performing properly, but I'm also assuming that I don't know, you know.
Amber Fu: Yeah, got it. And well, if could if you could like hands off only one decision to the system, EV timing or power reserve or solar usage, what what would be
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Um well to me the power wall is imperative like and just knowing what an intuitiveness of knowing like okay there's a storm coming you know and we're going to we're going to hold off or like I'm going to stop your car from charging that sort of thing.
 
 
00:43:41
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I think that's to me that's the most because that that's the safety net of the entire thing in my mind having that safety net like you know you just kind of know that your your house is going to
Amber Fu: Mhm. God.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: be okay. I mean, I guess you know, your car you may not be able to escape if you need to because your car is not charged, but you you kind of hope maybe one out of the household is
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Well, um well, thanks you. Thank you so much for sharing all of that. It's really help us, you know, understand like what people actually go through dayto day with the solar eay and the power wall. Do you have any question for me?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I don't think so. I I I don't think um yeah, I mean I look forward to I don't know if you can share that.
 
 
00:44:35
 
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Is it in progress? Has it been done or Right.
Amber Fu: Yeah, it hasn't been done but uh once we have a uh early version I mean uh if you like to trying out we we can invite you as a beta tester. It's totally option but uh once we have a early version I will uh I will notice you and invite you and totally option but yeah so we're still processing.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Okay.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Right. Okay. Sounds good.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: All right.
Amber Fu: So yeah you know keep in touch definitely and uh once we have early version I will let you at first place.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: But thank Yeah.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Well, thank you for the opportunity and good luck to you guys and go have go have some peeking duck for me, please in Hong Kong.
Amber Fu: Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks. Okay. Okay. I will.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: I will. Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah. If you like duck, I don't know. But yeah, it's so good.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: I remember I I I went there when I was 14 years old and I loved that weird peeking duck there and I loved it.
Amber Fu: Oh.
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh, really?
CHRISTINA DI STEFANO: Yeah.
Amber Fu: That's good.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:46:01