00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Uh hello. Hi. Hi. Can uh can you hear me? Hi. Uh, I think you're uh I I can't I can't really hear you right now. Oh, hello. Oh, hi. Oh, yes. Here you go.
Evette R: Can you hear me?
Amber Fu: Yes.
Evette R: Okay,
Amber Fu: Yes.
Evette R: awesome. Sorry,
Amber Fu: It's okay.
Evette R: I was trying to do that quick.
Amber Fu: It's okay. Well, like how how's your day going so far?
Evette R: Uh, well, it's winding down. It's 7:20, so it's not already dark outside. So, yeah,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: winding
Amber Fu: Well,
Evette R: down.
Amber Fu: well, let's Well, thank again, you know, for making time for this. I I know everyone's busy, especially before the Christmas. So,
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: no pressure at all. Like, this is super casual. Uh,
Evette R: Okay.
Amber Fu: let me introduce myself a little bit. My name is Amber and uh I'm a one of the founder and I well I
 
 
00:06:21
 
Evette R: Mhm.
Amber Fu: started this because you know I couldn't figure out my my own electricity bill was so crazy and I realized a lot of my friend are dealing with the same thing you know because I right now I'm in the Hong Kong but uh I live in Pasadena you know the
Evette R: Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah.
Amber Fu: California they have a really high yeah so that's why like you know we're just
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: small team based in uh Pasadena and uh we're trying to uh building an app that helps people save money on their daily energy use but without changing their lifestyle.
Evette R: Okay.
Amber Fu: So I love to understand how your home use electricity daytoday so we can figure out what actually help. Okay, perfect.
Evette R: Okay.
Amber Fu: And like before we get start would you be okay if I record this call? Totally option.
Evette R: Sure.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Thank you.
Evette R: Sure.
Amber Fu: Uh, give me a second. Perfect. So, shall we start?
 
 
00:07:26
 
Amber Fu: Perfect. Good. So, uh, well, before we jump into, you know, the energy stuff, I love to get a quick sense of your household, just understand your setup bit better. So, nothing personal, just whatever your composer is. Um, so how many ho how many people live in your home right
Evette R: uh with me.
Amber Fu: now?
Evette R: Five.
Amber Fu: Okay, gotcha. And uh how big is the house roughly?
Evette R: Uh it's like a little over 4,000 square feet.
Amber Fu: Okay. And like uh do do you guys most mostly work from home or is everyone flying
Evette R: Uh, I do,
Amber Fu: and out?
Evette R: but my husband actually works in Pasadena.
Amber Fu: Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got you. Uh so you guys I uh are you using the ads the
Evette R: The what?
Amber Fu: uh you tited company like electricity company like which company you're using right
Evette R: Oh, uh,
Amber Fu: now?
Evette R: I I believe it's a Southern California.
 
 
00:08:25
 
Evette R: the Edison.
Amber Fu: Oh okay. Okay. Gotcha.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And um do you mind ask like how much you pay your bill last
Evette R: Well,
Amber Fu: month?
Evette R: because we have solar, so it's always under like $20.
Amber Fu: Uh oh really? That's good.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh,
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: okay. And do you uh do you guys have a power wall?
Evette R: Uh the like Oh,
Amber Fu: The home battery? Yeah.
Evette R: no. No.
Amber Fu: Oh,
Evette R: Um we're going to set it up because we have an EV car.
Amber Fu: okay.
Evette R: Um we have a Tesla.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: So, um, but right now we just do the supercharge.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: My husband does it at work. Um, or we take it down to, um,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: like our nearest supercharger and we charge it there. But we do have the actual setup. We have it at the house.
 
 
00:09:07
 
Evette R: We just need to get the connection.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: So,
Amber Fu: Okay. Gotcha.
Evette R: yeah,
Amber Fu: And And like how long you uh you you got a solar?
Evette R: the it it was with the house when they built the house. It the solar they they put it the moment they built it.
Amber Fu: Um got you. Is it lease or Oh,
Evette R: No, no, no. It's paid for.
Amber Fu: it's paid for.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. That's nice.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And how many uh solar panel?
Evette R: Right. Uh, how many?
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Evette R: Oh, um, I want to say the whole one side of the house is just it's covered. So, um,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: maybe like over I don't know 10 maybe on one side.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. That's good.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And uh and like so right now you're like now charging like the EV you're now charging at home. It's like outside, right?
 
 
00:09:59
 
Evette R: right now outside. Yes. Until we get the connection.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got you.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And you you're going to plan to get a like a home battery like power
Evette R: Uh yeah, with it when we when we connect the the rest.
Amber Fu: walk.
Evette R: But we already have the the wall. We have the connection cuz we can actually charge RVs. Um, but the connection for the car, we don't have that one yet,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: but we do have the uh wall uh pack or whatever they call it,
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Evette R: the
Amber Fu: Gotcha. Gotcha.
Evette R: mount.
Amber Fu: And like you know since like you leave this uh those system for a while are they doing good or like can you think anything you're not super happy
Evette R: No,
Amber Fu: with?
Evette R: I mean, you mean with the with the solar panels?
Amber Fu: Yeah it's a solar
Evette R: No, no, no problems at all.
Amber Fu: panel.
 
 
00:10:49
 
Evette R: Actually, it's it's sometimes we even in the negative where they they owe us money.
Amber Fu: Oh okay.
Evette R: So, we're Yeah, we're we love it. There's nothing Yeah,
Amber Fu: Okay. That's good.
Evette R: there's nothing negative about
Amber Fu: Okay,
Evette R: it.
Amber Fu: good. When and do you uh receive the a true out bill every
Evette R: Uh we Well,
Amber Fu: year?
Evette R: we receive a bill every month for the for the use.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. But I I believe there have a another call like the true up bill like they you know they they like the people they going to receive like every year. Do you have you ever received that?
Evette R: No.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay.
Evette R: Mm-
Amber Fu: Gotcha. Gotcha. And um so uh and how how many EV car do you do you have?
Evette R: Just one.
Amber Fu: Okay. Just one. Gotcha.
Evette R: Mhm.
Amber Fu: Gotcha. And like um like during the day like uh when you feel your electricity use is the highest like which period?
 
 
00:11:50
 
Evette R: Uh probably like after 3 or 4 it starts
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Evette R: cuz everybody's home.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: Um you know with uh my husband comes home maybe after 5. So but everybody's home uh with kids and stuff. I think that's the most. Um,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: but during the day, not too much because it's only me and um, I mean,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: I only use my computer and all the lights are off, so I don't usually use too
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. And and for like a last time when electricity become something you had to
Evette R: much.
Amber Fu: actively think about it what it cost you or you like you you never need to think about
Evette R: Not really. Yeah, cuz um I mean we you know like um cuz it's always so
Amber Fu: it.
Evette R: low. So we're not always like thinking like oh my god let's turn it off or let's like do this or that cuz it's always so low.
Amber Fu: Okay.
 
 
00:12:44
 
Evette R: So even if it goes a little bit over we've we've banked enough power that we don't usually
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: owe that
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got you.
Evette R: much.
Amber Fu: Got you. And like cuz like like you mentioned things are mostly fine now like or you think back on the last time like electricity wasn't fine for you like can you think uh like on that
Evette R: Maybe maybe maybe in the summer cuz um like let's say when we turn
Amber Fu: moment? Oh, okay.
Evette R: on the heater for the jacuzzi or the uh pool um then it goes up a little bit higher that that we like think about and we're like okay let's not use it or let's not heat it up all the time. You know, that's the only time that we've really had an issue. Usually during the winters or you know we don't we don't have a um
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: yeah summertime.
Amber Fu: Okay. So, is that happen like every is it's a summer?
Evette R: Yeah around summer time especially in the beginning of summer when it just
 
 
00:13:39
 
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: starts
Amber Fu: Uh but that uh well but the bail will goes high or it's
Evette R: a little bit higher because you're heating uh the pool.
Amber Fu: just
Evette R: When you heat the pool or the jacuzzi it uses a lot more energy. Um, so
Amber Fu: got you got you. And like uh because like right now you're decide like not to charge at home, right?
Evette R: right.
Amber Fu: and and after like uh I think like uh which your uh utility company they they have like a to rate plan right and and
Evette R: Mhm.
Amber Fu: I remember they maybe got like the something for the EV charge.
Evette R: Mhm.
Amber Fu: Uh have you ever like looked that up?
Evette R: like like you mean like a reimbursement like that?
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah.
Evette R: Yeah,
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Evette R: that's actually what we're we're trying to figure out and and do. That's why we haven't jumped on the gun and done anything yet cuz um my husband's trying to figure that out so that we can um use that as a as a
 
 
00:14:46
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: tool.
Amber Fu: Got you. And I mean like like because I uh I I asked a lot of my friends and like
Evette R: Mhm.
Amber Fu: my friend friend and well your electricity bill were really lower you know
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: lowerage and you know some of my friend they have like a 20 or 30 panel they still have like $200 bill.
Evette R: Oh, wow.
Amber Fu: So yes yes so like you're doing really well. So, you know,
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: I just want to know like uh are are you doing something that you know lower the bill like in there?
Evette R: Well,
Amber Fu: Have anything you can share with
Evette R: we're well, we are conservative.
Amber Fu: us?
Evette R: We don't like, you know, we don't turn on every light. Not not everything is always on. Um, you know, usually like things I don't I don't leave things plugged in all the time except for the except for the computers.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: Computers are usually always plugged in. Um, and they go into sleep mode.
 
 
00:15:38
 
Evette R: But everything else is usually unplugged or um or we're just really like careful, you know, like if we're not in a room, we turn everything off. you know, TVs are off, you know, whatever. We don't go in 10 different rooms and turn on the TV. We're usually together in one room, you know. So, I don't I mean, I don't really think about it to try to keep it low. Um, but I guess just naturally,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: we're more conservative without even thinking about it, you
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got you.
Evette R: know?
Amber Fu: Well, that's that's that's perfect. That's terrific. You know, like a lot of people, they're not doing that way. They just, you know, leave a light on and when they leave the house,
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: they just let the AC run by
Evette R: Oh, yeah.
Amber Fu: theirel.
Evette R: No, no.
Amber Fu: Okay. That's why I understand why your bill is lower.
Evette R: Yeah. Yeah.
 
 
00:16:26
 
Evette R: No,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: no.
Amber Fu: Got
Evette R: We We do have the um it it's by our phone that we,
Amber Fu: you.
Evette R: you know, the the AC. Um but the AC is all the way up to 78. So, it's got to hit 78 in the house um for it to actually turn on.
Amber Fu: Um,
Evette R: And in my area where we're at,
Amber Fu: okay.
Evette R: it doesn't get that hot right now unless it's in the summer. Um, then the air conditioning goes on. But if not, if it's not summer, the air conditioning never goes
Amber Fu: Gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha.
Evette R: on.
Amber Fu: And and like for like after you if you start to charge your car in home like it do you have any plan to you know avoid like your bill goes
Evette R: I'm sure it will,
Amber Fu: up.
Evette R: but I'm not I'm not assuming it's going to go up like, you know, $200 $300 cuz again, it's a slow charging,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: you know.
 
 
00:17:18
 
Evette R: So, I'm assuming I I I still don't know yet, but I know that from what I've talked to with other people that have EV um that it hasn't made that big of a dent in their um electricity bill.
Amber Fu: Got you.
Evette R: So,
Amber Fu: Got you. And well, compared to people you know around you like friend, neighbors, do you feel like most household are this smooth or do you think they are more on the lucky side?
Evette R: I wish I knew um because I don't really talk about it. I mean, if I knew that I was going to, you know, talk about that, maybe I would ask, but usually that conversation doesn't I don't it doesn't really come up too
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Evette R: much.
Amber Fu: Okay. And well, looking back, like what do you think made this work so smoothly for you? Like was it is a house the timing the setup or just lifestyle?
Evette R: I think it's all of the above. I mean, you like how you said it, it's just all those all those uh concepts put together.
 
 
00:18:17
 
Evette R: I think having I think having the um you know, the solar panel, I think us just being conservative. I think most of the family not being home um most of the time. I think all of that just plays into like a like a,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: you know, into um into the into the picture of being, you know, being conservative with what we what we use. So, and then like I said, most of the time I'm I'm on my own and I'm not just for one person,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Evette R: I'm not going to turn on a whole bunch of stuff. I just stay in my little office and I work and and you know, and that's pretty much it. So,
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. And uh I I was always wondering because uh one of my friend uh uh she got a solar panel but she don't know if she need to get a power wall and you know the power is not like cheap. It's still expensive.
Evette R: Yeah.
 
 
00:19:10
 
Amber Fu: Yeah. So uh like how do you do those calculation the math?
Evette R: Um I haven't really I haven't really thought about it. I haven't really done I haven't done it done it yet because like I said, we haven't really gotten the connection for the car to find out that if it's going to be worth it or
Amber Fu: Okay.
Evette R: not. Um, but for our our just our sanity, I think we need to set it up. So, I haven't really thought about uh cost factors just because we haven't really set it up yet.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Gotcha.
Evette R: So,
Amber Fu: Gotcha. But like let's say like just imagine like how much if the bills goes up, you will think about it. Oh, okay. I need to got a home battery like I need
Evette R: Oh, well, yeah. I mean, if it starts to go over like, you know,
Amber Fu: to
Evette R: $200 $300 a month, you know, then then there's something wrong because if mine being so low right now that that extra 150 or that extra 200 is it is going to cause a thing uh some distress. So,
Amber Fu: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Well, and you know what? This is like really, you know, like actually make a lot of sense and it sounds like your setup is working really well. And you know, I think electricity isn't something you have to think about it or managing it. Yeah. But this is like super helpful for us,
Evette R: Yeah.
Amber Fu: you know, like uh because I I mean like a lot of people they they just they just leave their electricity like there and not managing at all and then
Evette R: Right. Right. Yeah.
Amber Fu: they receive like a really high bill and think yeah I think oh why is that you know so
Evette R: Hi, Bill. Yeah.
Amber Fu: I think you gave me a lot of like insight for for this and I really
Evette R: Oh,
Amber Fu: appreciate.
Evette R: okay. No
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah.
Evette R: problem. Okay.