00:04:32
 
Amber Fu: Hello, Grace.
Grace Kaggia: Hi, how are you? Can you hear me?
Amber Fu: Yes. Yes. Okay. I'm I'm really sorry for uh yeah,
Grace Kaggia: Okay.
Amber Fu: for the delay. And uh what how's your day going so far?
Grace Kaggia: Yes. Can you please put in the
Amber Fu: Uh hello. Can you hear me?
Grace Kaggia: Yes, I can hear you.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Great. Perfect. Uh so, uh yeah, thanks for taking time for this. I know like everyone's busy, you know, like especially before the Christmas and uh Yeah.
Grace Kaggia: Yeah,
Amber Fu: And h how's how's your day going so far?
Grace Kaggia: it it's amazing. How to say it's amazing like nothing to complain about so far. So yeah.
Amber Fu: That's perfect. That's perfect. Well, uh uh let let me introduce myself a little bit. Uh my name is Amber and uh I'm the one of the co-founder here and uh I just you know we we are a small team based in LA and we try to building this app to uh to you know helping people uh saving money on their like daily life for using the electricity.
 
 
00:06:07
 
Amber Fu: Yeah. So I love to hear you know uh like some your uh from you like experience and about like how you using the electricity uh and uh can can gave us some like insight. Okay. Well,
Grace Kaggia: Okay.
Amber Fu: perfect. and and um so uh shall we start?
Grace Kaggia: Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
Amber Fu: Okay, thank you. And um so before we jump into the energy stuff, I'd love to, you know, get a quick sense of your household just understand your set a bit better. Well, nothing personal, just whatever you're comfortable sharing with. And and like uh how how many people live in your home right
Grace Kaggia: Okay.
Amber Fu: now?
Grace Kaggia: All five.
Amber Fu: Okay. And uh how big your house just roughly.
Grace Kaggia: It's uh it's it's big. It's home. Of course.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And um do you mostly like work from home or is everyone fly in and
Grace Kaggia: Yeah.
Amber Fu: out?
 
 
00:07:22
 
Grace Kaggia: We uh just as my husband works from home and I I work from the office. So yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay, got it. And um so uh what kind of schedule do you normally have? Is like a pretty constant or like all over the place week to week?
Grace Kaggia: I myself I just use the 825 uh schedule.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Grace Kaggia: So yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. And well, I noticed that you live in uh California and
Grace Kaggia: Yes.
Amber Fu: uh and uh you got a like a full setup like the solar home uh power wall and the EV. Okay, got it.
Grace Kaggia: Yes,
Amber Fu: Uh, is the solar also from the Tesla or is a different brand? Oh, okay.
Grace Kaggia: Tesla.
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. Well, I you know I I have a I have a Tesla EV charging and I have a Tesla car, but I well I tried to think about it, you know, get a solar and the power wall from Tesla, but I saw the price is really expensive.
 
 
00:08:37
 
Amber Fu: So, I was just wondering to know like what originally got you into like the Tesla solar.
Grace Kaggia: I I want to say that um uh it's I just it stores like you know uh I use like the Tesla you know power well and I want to say like it stores you know like excess solar energy like you know that is
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Grace Kaggia: generated like during the And uh uh that's sol energy like you can use it to power the home at night or charge the heavy and uh it can help to like you know to to lower the electricity cost and ensure there's no power availability when there's maybe like you know uh out outages something like that.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And uh and And like when you first installed it and what did you hope the solar would do for your home?
Grace Kaggia: uh I'll say like uh generally it is just like you know to to reduce like the electricity bills like in the house like oh the the solar panels like know they generate like the free energy right and it the energy is just stored in the power Well like instead of being wasted.
 
 
00:10:03
 
Grace Kaggia: So like uh like during they know the electricity powers the home and EV is used like to store energy instead like of the expensive like grid power. So like generally it is it lowers our monthly electricity bills.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And how about the uh the power?
Grace Kaggia: Yeah.
Amber Fu: What? Like what push you to add
Grace Kaggia: uh what's pushed uh me of the power uh power is
Amber Fu: that?
Grace Kaggia: first of all it's just the expenses I feel like they are quite high the electricity bill is quite high in the household and I really wanted to come up with something that will just uh save the save the cost again it's just the power outage like in case
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Grace Kaggia: there's a when there's a grid outage like the power automatically like switches to the backup mode you know and it continues like powering like essential loads and it can still support the EV charging if it's configured and this is transitions like it's a bit seamless like it doesn't need like you know like manual intervention like that is required so like just like in case like the electricity like um is lost and or power outage it's just on
 
 
00:11:23
 
Amber Fu: Mhm. Yeah.
Grace Kaggia: automatically
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it.
Grace Kaggia: Hey
Amber Fu: And um so uh like when you think about like your home energy setup, what the part what's the part you like spend the most time on?
Grace Kaggia: uh washing machine wash.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay.
Grace Kaggia: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. And how about the EV charging? Like uh like when when do you really charge like at night or daytime with the solar?
Grace Kaggia: Oh, what's left of the day?
Amber Fu: Okay. With solar, right? Okay. Got it.
Grace Kaggia: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And do you mind that ask like uh how much you pay your uh electricity bill per month?
Grace Kaggia: Uh currently I pay a bills of like uh 40 to4 to00 per month of electricity bill. Uh back then I used to pay more than
Amber Fu: Okay.
Grace Kaggia: that.
Amber Fu: It's a It's a uh 100 $140.
Grace Kaggia: No. Uh, currently I'm paying like4 $40 to $100.
Amber Fu: Um Oh, okay.
 
 
00:12:46
 
Amber Fu: That's good. That's good. Well uh so uh since you you know you you have the like you
Grace Kaggia: Yes.
Amber Fu: live with those system for a while are they doing good or can you think anything you're not super happy
Grace Kaggia: Yes. I want to say the system is uh is suitable for everyone especially it is suitable like you
Amber Fu: this.
Grace Kaggia: know for home owners like with high electricity bills and uh frequent outages or maybe like heavy owners or those that are interested in
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Grace Kaggia: energy dependence. So I would say just suitable for an energy usage like for budget and yeah for saving money in short.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it.
Grace Kaggia: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And like you if you could change one thing about how any of those work today, what would be like maybe like anything like you you feel like oh maybe they can smarter or like
Grace Kaggia: M
Amber Fu: maybe they can do something that like uh that you know just smarter something like that.
 
 
00:14:07
 
Grace Kaggia: uh I don't think there's a there's a much honestly like I feel like they're just uh sit up like in a way.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it.
Grace Kaggia: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Um so also like uh thank thank you to sharing that. Do you mind I ask like which you talate company you're using right now is a PG or is
Grace Kaggia: Uh Tesla
Amber Fu: okay okay got it and like and when you think about like managing your home energy today like which part still you know take mental load for you like which part you still need to think about It only like doing the laundry or is that anything else?
Grace Kaggia: Um I I want to say like maybe like doing the laundry or just charging uh the heavy. Um again uh I say just uh training like uh people at home like uh all these uh appliances like just operate. So
Amber Fu: Got it. What?
Grace Kaggia: yeah.
Amber Fu: And is there anything you still need to double check right now?
 
 
00:15:39
 
Amber Fu: Even though the system is supposed to be automatic, but you still like need to double check.
Grace Kaggia: Yes. Uh I use an app Tesla hub with convenient
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Grace Kaggia: and Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. And like how do you personally know the system is actually saving you the money?
Grace Kaggia: the cost the cost bill at the end of the month. Of
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Okay. And like well have you have ever have the u made
Grace Kaggia: course.
Amber Fu: the situation like if like your bills suddenly went up next month or it's like pretty
Grace Kaggia: I I'll say it's pretty average.
Amber Fu: average.
Grace Kaggia: Like it doesn't go below $40 and doesn't go like above $100. So
Amber Fu: Yeah. Got it. And like do you ever wondering like if your EV is being charged in the
Grace Kaggia: yeah,
Amber Fu: best time or you mostly trust the system?
Grace Kaggia: can you please put in the
Amber Fu: Oh yeah.
Grace Kaggia: question?
 
 
00:16:57
 
Amber Fu: I just try to ask like do you ever like wondering if your EV is being charged in like the best time or like you mostly just trust the
Grace Kaggia: Um no I just try to uh of course to be
Amber Fu: system
Grace Kaggia: observant try. So like maybe when there's cloudy days that means it's a limited like solar production. So that means like maybe I'm not going to use like my backup right. So
Amber Fu: Got it. And like and have you ever thought like, oh, I think this is right, but I'm not like 100% sure.
Grace Kaggia: at first like I was first I was a bit reant like whether it's just um it was a best idea like uh purchasing spending a lot of money to purchase a certain thing and uh yeah With time, I just got to realize like it was just the best decision like I I
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And and if the system could you know uh like explain as
Grace Kaggia: made.
Amber Fu: a decision uh you know uh like like clearly explain like what's happened right now would that would be useful or unnecessary for you?
 
 
00:18:26
 
Grace Kaggia: Yeah. Yeah, sure. It would be useful to
Amber Fu: Okay.
Grace Kaggia: me.
Amber Fu: And what's the one thing like you wish you didn't have to think about it anymore?
Grace Kaggia: Backup power backup just in case like uh there's a frequent outages.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Grace Kaggia: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And for the power backup like ho how how you really you know you set up you you set a percentage.
Grace Kaggia: I say like it's just connected like automatically and
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it.
Grace Kaggia: yeah.
Amber Fu: And um so like like if they have a system that's like simple to told you that oh you know you are doing the right thing uh would that will add value to you?
Grace Kaggia: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And uh like would you pay for like uh uh if like okay so if like they have a app like you you know they can just optimize your bill and like tell you like oh which time you c you using the electricity or place is right and just tell you exactly like oh uh right now is a pickover or like uh like or like off take over something like that and help you handle all like the timing like tell you when should do the laundry stuff like that.
 
 
00:20:02
 
Amber Fu: Uh do you think that will be valuable for you?
Grace Kaggia: Yeah, it would be this
Amber Fu: Okay.
Grace Kaggia: is uh it's just be just it helped
Amber Fu: Okay.
Grace Kaggia: me a lot, you know.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And is there like any situation where you would not trust the system and feel need to step in?
Grace Kaggia: uh so far. No, I haven't
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it.
Grace Kaggia: experienced
Amber Fu: And like what would be like a worst mistake this system could make like in your opinion?
Grace Kaggia: not keeping us updated.
Amber Fu: Okay. And like when would you actually want to like explanation like every day or like only when something change?
Grace Kaggia: Like almost every day, honestly.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. And do you care more about like why the system did something or just knowing it made the right call?
Grace Kaggia: Yeah, just think it's made the right
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Grace Kaggia: circle.
Amber Fu: And well and like if your bills like let's say like stay about like the same but you had higher confident that everything was ultimate would that still be valuable to you?
 
 
00:21:35
 
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Grace Kaggia: Yes.
Amber Fu: I was thinking like have you uh so how many app you're using right now for the energy like is it is it only the Tesla app?
Grace Kaggia: Yes. Just
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Grace Kaggia: one.
Amber Fu: And have you ever used any like third party app like a net zero something like that?
Grace Kaggia: No.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And Okay. Got it. Well, you know, this is like incredible helpful like you know a lot of people assume once everything is automated there are nothing left to improve. But it's you know clear there's still a lot of like invisible thinking happening. So uh a is there anything you wish the system would just decide for you without you have to think about it.
Grace Kaggia: I know just just updating us on the the weather and yeah just few changes in
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it.
Grace Kaggia: the Yeah, sure. Okay.