Speaker 1: Okay. So, um, hi. How are you today?
Translation: 好的。所以，嗯，嗨。你今天怎么样？

Speaker 2: I'm good. I'm good.
Translation: 我很好。我很好。

Speaker 1: Okay. Well, is uh you're in LA or I cuz I saw I see you I see your location is in California, right?
Translation: 好的。那么，你是在洛杉矶吗？因为我看到你，我看到你的地点是在加州，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Oh, it's it's really early right now.
Translation: 哦，现在真的很早。

Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know.
Translation: 是的。是的。是的。我知道。

Speaker 1: Okay. So, um, so before we jump into you know energy stuff, I I love to get like quick sense of your household just just understand your setup bit better. So nothing personal, just whatever you're comfortable share with. Um so how many people live in your house?
Translation: 好的。所以，嗯，在我们深入探讨，你知道，能源方面的事情之前，我想快速了解一下你的家庭情况，只是想更好地了解一下你的设置。所以，没有什么私人的，只要你乐意分享就好。嗯，你家里住了多少人？

Speaker 2: Uh currently in my household, like honestly. I live I have two kids, uh husband of course, and uh I say I have a a niece who normally comes like once in a while. So generally like we had uh five in total. Yeah.
Translation: 呃，目前在我家里，说实话。我住，我有两个孩子，呃，当然还有丈夫，呃，我想说我有一个侄女，她通常偶尔会来。所以，总的来说，我们一共有五个人。是的。

Speaker 1: Okay. Got it. And uh how how big your uh house is? It's just I try to imagine like what your daily electricity would look like. So, just roughly how how big is it?
Translation: 好的。明白了。那么，你的房子有多大？我只是想想象一下你日常的用电量会是怎样。所以，大概有多大？

Speaker 2: It's big. It's big. It's quite a big um a big house since we are homes. So, yeah, it's it's a big house like that really consume a lot of energy, you know. Yeah.
Translation: 很大。很大。这是一个相当大的，嗯，一个大房子，因为我们是住宅。所以，是的，这是一个很大的房子，真的消耗很多能源，你知道。是的。

Speaker 1: Okay. Got it. Got it. And um do you mostly work from home or everyone just fly in and out?
Translation: 好的。明白了。明白了。嗯，你是主要在家工作，还是每个人都进进出出？

Speaker 2: Uh my husband is uh into business but uh for me I work from home.
Translation: 呃，我丈夫是，呃，做生意的，但是，呃，我是在家工作的。

Speaker 1: Okay, got it. So, basically, just like uh every day the the house have a people like right?
Translation: 好的，明白了。所以，基本上，就像，呃，每天，房子里都有人，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes. Yes.
Translation: 是的。是的。

Speaker 1: Okay, got it. And uh so what kind of schedule do you normally have? Is that pretty constant or all over the place week to week? Or do you have a lot of like go go to travel or like out of you know country stuff like that?
Translation: 好的，明白了。那么，呃，你通常有什么样的日程安排？是相当固定的，还是周复一周到处跑？或者你有很多像外出旅行或像出国这样的事情，你知道， 类似的事情？

Speaker 2: Oh, I personally am majorly in the house since I have the kids, uh I have to take care of them. So, most of the times I'm in the house but um my husband travels a lot. But of course, in the house are the people there. Yeah.
Translation: 哦，我个人大部分时间都在家，因为我有孩子。呃，我得照顾他们。所以，大多数时候我都在家，但是，嗯，我丈夫经常 出差，但是当然，家里还是有人在的。是的。

Speaker 1: Got it. Got it. Well, thank you. Thank you sharing that. Well, uh by the way, I noticed that you got the full set of the solar home battery is a Powerwall, right?
Translation: 明白了。明白了。好的，谢谢你。谢谢你分享这些。哦，顺便说一下，我注意到你有一整套太阳能家用电池，是 Powerwall，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: And do you have you you have a EV, right?
Translation: 还有，你有一辆电动汽车，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Uh, how many EV you have?
Translation: 呃，你有几辆电动汽车？

Speaker 2: Two.
Translation: 两辆。

Speaker 1: Okay. Is all the Tesla or is uh different charging?
Translation: 好的。都是特斯拉，还是，呃， 不同的充电？

Speaker 2: Um, it's um it's it's a different it's a different brand.
Translation: 嗯，这是一个，嗯，这是一个不同的，是一个不同的品牌。

Speaker 1: Okay. So, the uh EV charging is a different brand, right?
Translation: 好的。所以，呃，电动汽车充电是不同的品牌，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yeah.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Okay. Okay. Got it. And the is Powerwall and the solar is another company, right?
Translation: 好的。好的。明白了。而且，Powerwall 和太阳能是另一家公司，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Okay. Got it. So, um uh when you first got you, you got the solar first or you got the EV first? EV charging first?
Translation: 好的。明白了。所以，嗯，呃，你第一次买的时候，你是先买的太阳能，还是先买的电动汽车？先买的电动汽车充电？

Speaker 2: Um I say I got the the solar first.
Translation: 嗯， 我想说我是先买的太阳能。

Speaker 1: Oh, okay.
Translation: 哦，好的。

Speaker 2: Yeah.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Oh, why you want to get get it, you know, at first place?
Translation: 哦，你为什么一开始就想买它呢？

Speaker 2: Pardon?
Translation: 对不起？

Speaker 1: Uh why you want to buy the solar?
Translation: 呃，你为什么要买太阳能？

Speaker 2: Cost effective. I felt like um electricity bills are quite high. They're really quite high and I felt like I would rather invest one time and get a a good solar, then the rest uh part of my life I just I don't have to pay that much expense like anymore again. Like maybe like power outrage, you know, it's a big um big factor. So, yeah.
Translation: 性价比高。我觉得，嗯， 电费很高。它们真的很高，我觉得我宁愿一次性投资，买一个好的太阳能，然后我的余生就 不必再支付 那么多费用了。比如停电，你知道，这是一个很大的，嗯，很大的因素。所以，是的。

Speaker 1: Got it. And uh then why? Uh so after you got solar, then you got a Powerwall right?
Translation: 明白了。那么，呃，然后为什么？呃，所以你买了太阳能之后，又买了 Powerwall， 对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: And why you uh what do you make you uh what thing make you think you got Powerwall? Why you got a Powerwall?
Translation: 那么你为什么，呃，是什么让你，呃，是什么事情让你觉得你要买 Powerwall？你为什么买了 Powerwall？

Speaker 2: Um I feel like uh a Powerwall like in my case like uh a Powerwall it's uh it it's a usable like, you know, battery, and it stores energy like maybe from solar panels, and I want to say like it's automatically powers her home like in case there's a outrage or when the electricity prices are high. So yeah. And that's where the, you know, this the systems, they charge during the day and supplies power needed, and, yeah, it's it helps us to reduce the bills and you maintain the backup power.
Translation: 嗯， 我觉得，呃， Powerwall，就像在我 的情况下，呃， Powerwall，它是一个，呃，它它是一个可用的，你知道，电池，它储存能量，比如来自太阳能电池板的能量，而且 我想说，它会自动为你的家供电，以防出现 停电或者电费很高的时候。所以， 是的。这就是，你知道，这些系统，它们在白天充电，并在需要时供电，而且，是的， 它帮助我们减少账单，并且 保持备用电源。

Speaker 1: Got it. Got it. And um you you happy with it or you you you think they they they can be like smarter or something you're not happy with it?
Translation: 明白了。明白了。嗯，你对它满意吗？或者你觉得它们可以更智能，或者有什么你不满意的地方吗？

Speaker 2: Uh right now honestly, I'm happy with it. I don't have any comments. Uh yeah.
Translation: 呃，老实说，我现在对它很满意。我没有任何意见。呃，是的。

Speaker 1: Uh so before you got the solar, how much you pay per month?
Translation: 呃，那么在你安装太阳能之前，你每个月付多少钱？

Speaker 2: Uh for what?
Translation: 呃，付什么？

Speaker 1: Uh before you got the your solar and Powerwall, how much you pay your electricity bill per month?
Translation: 呃，在你安装你的太阳能和 Powerwall 之前，你每个月支付的 电费是多少？

Speaker 2: Per per month?
Translation: 每个月？

Speaker 1: Uh yeah, one month. Yes.
Translation: 呃，是的，一个月。是的。

Speaker 2: It is uh really quite expensive. I would say like u almost like over $100.
Translation: 呃，真的很贵。我想说，呃，差不多超过 100 美元。

Speaker 1: Okay. And how about like after like right now? How how you uh how much?
Translation: 好的。 那么之后呢？比如 现在？你，呃，多少钱？

Speaker 2: Honestly, like it's sometimes um I wanted to say like maybe I'm just going to rely on the the solar panel, you know, the power. So, I will even use like $20, $30 in a month. Yeah.
Translation: 老实说，有时，嗯，我想说，也许我只是依靠 太阳能电池板的电。所以我甚至一个月只用 20 美元、30 美元。 是的。

Speaker 1: Well, that's good. That's good. Okay. Got it. And um so like uh when you uh when do you feel like your electricity use the highest during the day?
Translation: 哇，那很好。那很好。好的。明白了。嗯，那么，比如， 呃，你觉得你一天中什么时候用电量最高？

Speaker 2: Um and I say it's um maybe um when uh when uh maybe like just uh if that day it's um it's cleaning day, you know, you have to use uh the washing machines or maybe um you have maybe like visitors like coming coming over. You just have to to know to to use electric machines like in the house.
Translation: 嗯， 我想说，是，嗯，也许，嗯，当，呃，当，呃，也许只是，呃，如果 那天是，嗯，清洁日，你知道， 你必须使用，呃，洗衣机，或者也许，嗯，你可能有像 访客来访。你只需要使用 像在家里的电器。

Speaker 1: Okay. Got it. And uh since you said like you you have a different brand for the EV charging, right?
Translation: 好的。明白了。而且，既然你说你，你有一个不同品牌的 电动汽车充电器，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Okay. Uh so uh is they work well, this, you know, the Powerwall and the solar, do you think?
Translation: 好的。呃，那么它们工作得好吗？你觉得 Powerwall 和太阳能呢？

Speaker 2: No.
Translation: 不。

Speaker 1: Uh, so what what do you think the problem will be?
Translation: 呃，那么你觉得问题会是什么？

Speaker 2: Um I don't know because uh uh that is something that I've really been trying to understand, 'cuz, you know, this this like they need like to be recharged, and uh, and all that. So, I want to say like it's something like I'm really really trying to figure to figure out and really been trying to rethink about the decision of maybe getting like something better that is a bit reliable.
Translation: 嗯， 我不知道，因为，呃，呃，这是我一直在努力 理解的事情，因为，你知道，这些这些就像它们需要充电，而且 呃，等等。所以，我想说， 这就像我真的真的在努力弄明白， 并且真的在努力重新考虑是否要买 一些更好、更可靠的东西。

Speaker 1: Got it. Got it. And uh so and for the solar, uh have you ever think sometime there like if it's really sunny day, do you think sometime they will be wasting the solar?
Translation: 明白了。明白了。那么，呃，对于 太阳能，呃，你有想过吗？有时候，如果 天气真的很晴朗，你觉得有时候他们会浪费 太阳能吗？

Speaker 2: Um no of that.
Translation: 嗯， 没有 那种情况。

Speaker 1: Okay. Okay. Got it. Sure. And um so do you know like if uh electricity is a cheaper at a certain time of the day where you live? Right.
Translation: 好的。好的。明白了。当然。嗯，那么你 知道吗？在你住的地方， 呃，电费在一天中的某个特定时间会更便宜，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yeah. Like they Yeah. They have a like a peak or off-peak.
Translation: 是的。 比如他们，是的。他们有像高峰期或非高峰期。

Speaker 1: Yeah. So do you ever try to use a cheap hour, like, you know, doing the laundry or dishwash or, you know, swimming pool during the cheap hour? Uh, did you ever try to do that?
Translation: 是的。 那么你有没有尝试在便宜的时段使用，比如，你知道，洗衣服或者 洗碗，或者，你知道，在 便宜的时段使用游泳池？呃，你有没有尝试这样做？

Speaker 2: Sometimes I I Yeah.
Translation: 有时候我，我 是的。

Speaker 1: Is it Do you think it's a uh that doing those stuff can lower your electricity bill?
Translation: 你觉得这样做能降低你的电费 账单吗？

Speaker 2: Yeah.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Got it. Is it you? Uh, okay. Got it. And um so, uh, is there any like, uh, moment you think uh, I need to I I need to spend a lot of time to monitor my Tesla app or another you know EV charging app or need to switch on each app? Is there any moment you think it's a little bit annoying or you're fine with it?
Translation: 明白了。是你？呃，好的。明白了。而且， 嗯，所以，呃，有没有什么时刻你 觉得， 呃，我需要，我需要花很多 时间来监控我的特斯拉应用程序或另一个 你知道的电动汽车充电应用程序，或者需要打开每个应用程序？有没有哪个时刻你觉得有点烦人，或者你觉得没关系？

Speaker 2: Uh currently no, but when I was beginning to use, um, to use it, I was really having some hard time. But, you know, like right now, I'm really used to it. So it doesn't give that it doesn't consume much of my time.
Translation: 呃，目前没有，但是当我开始 使用，嗯，使用它的时候，我确实 经历了一段困难时期。但是，你 知道，就像现在，我真的习惯了。所以， 它不会占用，它不会消耗 我很多时间。

Speaker 1: Okay, got it. Um, so, uh, so what's the one thing you wish you you you didn't have to think about it in your energy setup? Like, do you think like you spend too many time on the energy setup or you think it's totally fine?
Translation: 好的，明白了。嗯，所以， 呃，你最希望在你的能源设置中 不必考虑的一件事是什么？比如，你觉得你花了太多时间在 能源设置上，还是你觉得完全 没问题？

Speaker 2: I don't think I've really understood your question.
Translation: 我想我真的没有理解 你的问题。

Speaker 1: Oh, it's okay. It I try to ask like like you know when you think about your home energy setup, like what part do you spend the most time on?
Translation: 哦，没关系。我试着问，就像， 你知道，当你考虑你的家庭 能源设置时，你花最多时间在哪个部分？

Speaker 2: Uh, maybe when I'm trying to to explain to people like, uh, how it operates. Uh-huh. Oh, maybe when I'm in the house, I'm the only one, like most of the times I'm the only one who knows how to use it and all that. And maybe my husband and he keeps traveling. But when, um, maybe the relatives are coming over for sleepovers and all that.
Translation: 呃，也许 当我试图向人们解释 它是如何运作的时候。 嗯。 哦，也许当我在家的时候，我是 唯一一个，就像大多数时候我是 唯一一个知道如何使用它的人。 也许我的丈夫他一直在旅行。但是当，嗯，也许 亲戚来家里过夜 等等的时候。

Speaker 1: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And, um, so uh, so so you have, I remember you said you have two EV, right, the the car.
Translation: 好的。好的。明白了。明白了。嗯，所以 呃，所以你，我记得你说 你有两辆电动汽车，对吧，就是那个车。

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Um, will you bother you like, you know sometime you need to choose like which one need to be charged first and which one will be second, something like that.
Translation: 嗯，你会不会觉得麻烦，比如，你知道， 有时候你需要选择哪 一辆先充电，哪 一辆后充电，类似这样的事情。

Speaker 2: Uh, it is never bothered me to that extent, 'cuz, um oh uh, honestly I'm mostly I'm the one at home, and I get to have my own car, and I can change it whatever the time that I want. So, no, it has never been that much of a bother honestly.
Translation: 呃，它从来没有困扰到我那种 程度，因为，嗯， 哦， 呃，老实说， 我大部分时间都在家，而且我 有我自己的车，我可以 在任何我想要的时间充电。所以，不，它从来没有那么麻烦， 真的。

Speaker 1: Okay. And uh so you you so when you charge your EV usually like during the day or night?
Translation: 好的。那么，呃，你，你，所以你通常是在白天还是晚上 给你的电动汽车充电？

Speaker 2: Uh, the night, mostly the night. When you don't have to get used it.
Translation: 呃，晚上，大部分时间是晚上。 当你不需要使用它的时候。

Speaker 1: Okay. Got it. And because I sense that right now your electricity bill is not is is is not high, but if there an app still can, you know, help you save like you know, I don't know, like $10 per month do you do you want to try it or you're okay with it?
Translation: 好的。明白了。因为我感觉 现在你的电费不 高，但是如果有一个应用程序 仍然可以，你知道，帮你省下，比如， 你知道，我不知道，比如每月 10 美元，你，你 想尝试一下吗，还是你觉得 没关系？

Speaker 2: Yeah, I would love to try it like maybe later. Of course.
Translation: 是的，我很想尝试一下，也许 以后吧。当然。

Speaker 1: Okay. And oh, and one last thing is like if if you have like, you know, magic and you want to make your home smarter or your energy, you know, your your energy, uh like your home energy smarter, which thing you want to optimize?
Translation: 好的。哦，还有最后一件事，就是，如果 如果你有，你知道，魔法，你想让你的家更智能，或者 你的能源，你知道，你的，你的能源，呃， 比如你的家庭能源更智能，你想优化哪个 方面？

Speaker 2: I want to say I invest in a very good, uh solar system, a very, very good one that would reduce the cost, the, you know, the the electricity bill cost for me, and then I'll just make sure in the households I have all the all the machines that makes my life quite easier, you know. Okay. Let's say if it's maybe in a swimming pool, I have a machine that cleans the swimming pool. I have nice washing machines, you know, invest in every corners very, very nice machines.
Translation: 我想说我会投资一个非常好的，呃， 太阳能系统。一个非常非常好的，它 会降低成本，你知道， 我的电费成本，然后 我会确保家里有所有 能让我的生活更轻松的 机器，你知道。 好的。 比如说，如果是在游泳 池里，我有一个可以清洁游泳 池的机器。我有很好的洗衣 机，你知道，在每个 角落都投资非常好的机器。

Speaker 1: Okay. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Well, another thing is, uh, how many app you are using right now for the, uh, energy home energy like Tesla, uh, except Tesla, you need to have like a solar app, right, and the, uh EV charging app, right? How many app total?
Translation: 好的。 是的。明白了。明白了。那么，另一 件事是，你现在正在使用多少个应用程序来管理 家庭能源， 比如特斯拉，呃，除了特斯拉，你需要 有像太阳能应用程序，对吧，还有 电动汽车充电应用程序，对吧？ 总共多少个应用程序？

Speaker 2: Uh, one uh, one. Yes.
Translation: 呃，一个， 呃，一个。 是的。

Speaker 1: Oh, just Tesla, right?
Translation: 哦，只有特斯拉，对吧？

Speaker 2: Yes.
Translation: 是的。

Speaker 1: Okay. Got it. Got it. Okay. Sure. Thanks. Well, okay. Thank you so much. And, you know, thank you taking your time. This is super helpful. you know we we just try to you know talk more people to uh understand why they have like a solar and Powerwall and like it's or anything you they are don't happy with or anything they happy with their energy so, yeah, because uh my friends and I uh we have a EV charging uh and we try to get the solar. So, but, you know, uh just try to, you know, talk more people and, you know, get some ideas and just try to lower our electric uh electricity bill. So, that's why we have this conversation but still really thanks your sharing, and this really, really helpful.
Translation: 好的。明白了。明白了。好的。当然。 谢谢。好的。非常感谢你。 还有，你知道，谢谢你抽出 时间。这非常有帮助。你知道，我们 只是想，你知道，和更多的人交流， 以了解他们为什么安装了 太阳能和 Powerwall，以及他们有什么 不满意的地方， 或者他们对他们的能源有什么满意的地方， 所以，是的，因为，呃，我的朋友和我，呃， 我们有一个电动汽车充电器，呃，我们正尝试 安装太阳能。所以，但是，你知道，呃，只是 尝试，你知道，和更多的人交流，并，你 知道，获得一些想法，只是想 降低我们的电，呃，电费账单。 所以，这就是我们进行这次对话的原因， 但仍然非常感谢你的分享， 这真的，真的很有帮助。

Speaker 2: Okay.
Translation: 好的。

Speaker 1: Okay. Sure. And thank you again. And, uh, you know, uh, in the future, like if any I I I still have any question, like uh, I will, you know, uh, if you are okay, I can ask.
Translation: 好的。当然。再次感谢你。 还有，呃，你知道，呃，将来，如果 我仍然有任何问题，比如， 呃，我会，你知道，呃，如果你同意，我 可以问。

Speaker 2: Okay.
Translation: 好的。

Speaker 1: Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much Helen. Okay. Have a nice day today. Bye. You too.
Translation: 当然。谢谢。非常感谢你， 海伦。好的。 祝你今天愉快。再见。你也是。

Speaker 2: Bye.
Translation: 再见。

Sources:
●Casally User Interviews (Hellen Perister ) - 2025/12/04 04:42 PST - Recording