00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Hello. Hello.
Jennifer Nassar: Hello.
Amber Fu: Hi. Hi, Jennifer. How are you?
Jennifer Nassar: I'm good.
Amber Fu: Good,
Jennifer Nassar: How are you?
Amber Fu: good, good. Uh, how's your day going so far?
Jennifer Nassar: Oh, fine. How about you?
Amber Fu: Uh, it's busy, but yeah, it's good.
Jennifer Nassar: That's
Amber Fu: Well, thanks again,
Jennifer Nassar: good.
Amber Fu: you know, for making time for this. I know everyone's busy, you know, before especially before the Christmas. So, uh yes,
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: and no pressure at all like this is super casual. Uh let me introduce myself a little bit. Uh my name is Amber and well, I'm a one of a founder. Well,
Jennifer Nassar: catch.
Amber Fu: I started this because I could couldn't figure out why my own electricity bill were so crazy and I realized a lot of my friend are dealing with the same thing. Uh basically we're just small team based in LA and we're trying to building an app that helps people save money on their daily energy use without changing their lifestyle.
 
 
00:02:46
 
Jennifer Nassar: Okay.
Amber Fu: So I love to understand you know how your home use electricity daytoday so we can figure out what would actually help.
Jennifer Nassar: Okay.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Uh so and before we start uh do mind I record this call totally
Jennifer Nassar: No,
Amber Fu: option.
Jennifer Nassar: go for it. Whatever you
Amber Fu: Okay, thank uh give me a second. Okay, perfect. So,
Jennifer Nassar: need.
Amber Fu: uh let's start and uh before like we jump into like the energy stuff, I love to get quick sense of your household just understand yourself a bit better. So, nothing personal, just whatever your composure is. Um so, how many people live in your uh home right now?
Jennifer Nassar: We have six people, three adults and three kids.
Amber Fu: Got you. And uh like how how big the house is.
Jennifer Nassar: I think it's 3,200 square feet. We have five five bedrooms.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And like do you guys mostly work from home or is everyone flying in
 
 
00:03:51
 
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: now?
Jennifer Nassar: My husband and I both work from home and my mother-in-law's doesn't work so she's home all day, too. So, there's three adults at home all day.
Amber Fu: Okay, got you. And like what kind of schedule do you normally have? Is that pretty constant or all over the place week to
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah, it's pretty much,
Amber Fu: week?
Jennifer Nassar: you know, normal working hours um for my husband and I.
Amber Fu: Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: So,
Amber Fu: And like does the electricity use change a lot of on weekend?
Jennifer Nassar: um I don't think so. I mean, the kids are home more on the weekends. Um but generally no. Um it's mostly the air conditioning I feel like in the summertime that's really the big electricity draw.
Amber Fu: Oh,
Jennifer Nassar: Um so we try and just run that. I think most recently um the electricity is highest like from 5 to 8 or something in the summertime. So we tried to shut the whole thing off during those hours which it would get pretty hot.
 
 
00:04:57
 
Jennifer Nassar: But, you know, we did what we could to try and reduce the
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: bill.
Amber Fu: And like by the way, I noticed that you have the solar and the EV char uh EV, right?
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah, we do.
Amber Fu: And do you have power wall?
Jennifer Nassar: I don't think so. I think they installed a 220 and he just plugs it into that. It's my husband's car. He just plugs it into the 220,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: I think.
Amber Fu: Okay. Do you have a home battery?
Jennifer Nassar: No.
Amber Fu: Okay. Only the solar and the EV, right? Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And uh uh I I I tried to know like what originally got you into the solar.
Jennifer Nassar: Well, we moved here from Kansas and so our bills were normally, you know, $200 was a high bill and then our first month we moved here and our first bill was like
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: $790 and we flipped out.
Amber Fu: Oh, really?
 
 
00:05:56
 
Jennifer Nassar: So, literally the next month we were like, we're getting solar.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: But June,
Amber Fu: Which which which company you're using?
Jennifer Nassar: so it makes sense.
Amber Fu: Like the United Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: PG and E here.
Amber Fu: Oh, yeah. That's makes sense. Okay. And and like how about like after solar,
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah,
Amber Fu: how how much you pay?
Jennifer Nassar: I with well it's like it's a flat 220 per month for the solar and
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Jennifer Nassar: then um we have a true up bill at the end sometimes. So it varies a little bit.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: I was talking to my husband about it and he said it used to be about 2,000 but since we've been shutting off the electricity it's gone down a little bit.
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh but you still uh it's only the true bill right now or you still need to pay like
Jennifer Nassar: You still Well,
Amber Fu: extra per month.
Jennifer Nassar: you still have to pay that 220 per month every
 
 
00:06:46
 
Amber Fu: Oh, okay.
Jennifer Nassar: month plus whatever.
Amber Fu: So 220 plus a TR bill.
Jennifer Nassar: True up. Yeah, the true up hits like I think in August or September and then sometimes we either pay
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: it or like spread it out over the year.
Amber Fu: Okay. How about this year? How much for the truck?
Jennifer Nassar: I think he said it was 1,800.
Amber Fu: Okay, that's still a lot.
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah. I mean, we have six people here.
Amber Fu: Okay,
Jennifer Nassar: So,
Amber Fu: got you. And how about the cancers? Like how much you pay back the cancers
Jennifer Nassar: in Kansas,
Amber Fu: like
Jennifer Nassar: we only paid like even at the height of the summer $200 two or $300. It wasn't that bad.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: And our house was a little bit bigger there.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got you. And well like you know since like now you you have a solar and like the EV like are those system uh like are they doing good or like can you think anything you're not super happy
 
 
00:07:44
 
Jennifer Nassar: Um,
Amber Fu: with?
Jennifer Nassar: I mean it's it's pretty expensive. I mean it's better now.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: I mean it makes me feel a lot more comfortable that we don't think the bill is going to be $800 a month because that was absurd. Uh, but it I mean 220 every month is still a lot even in the winter time because in the winter
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: time there we would maybe pay 60 bucks for electricity because it was gas,
Amber Fu: Oh, okay.
Jennifer Nassar: you know, we'd pay
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: heat.
Amber Fu: And and like um so for like for right now how many panel you have like solar
Jennifer Nassar: Uh,
Amber Fu: panel?
Jennifer Nassar: I'd have to ask my husband to be sure. like 20 maybe.
Amber Fu: Oh that's a lot.
Jennifer Nassar: I I don't know for
Amber Fu: But okay, but uh like after you receive like the true bill for this year,
Jennifer Nassar: sure.
Amber Fu: uh have you ever called like the PG says like, "Oh, hi. I don't know why this is worth like 1,800 or this amount coming
 
 
00:08:43
 
Amber Fu: from."
Jennifer Nassar: No, we haven't ever really asked about it.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: We just knew it was the true up.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: So he would just make it hotter in
Amber Fu: But uh Okay. Okay. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: here.
Amber Fu: Got you. And like uh so can you tell me about like the last time your your bill shocked you? Like is that like trauma bill
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah, the true up bill cuz I mean I feel like we keep it like at 78 and that's hot.
Amber Fu: or
Jennifer Nassar: Like I sweat during the summer and it's just not comfortable and you know we're just living like and it's really hot.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Jennifer Nassar: I feel like we shouldn't have to live that way and still get a $2,000 trueup bill. It's It's absurd.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: We've talked about getting more panels and we can't get more panels because,
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: you know, the electricity box outside is too small and it's just we we're kind
 
 
00:09:36
 
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: of
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: stuck.
Amber Fu: Got you. And um and so like uh I was I was wondering like uh uh so like when do you feel like your electricity use the highest
Jennifer Nassar: In the
Amber Fu: like oh okay but like during the day
Jennifer Nassar: summertime,
Amber Fu: like when is like the highest usage period.
Jennifer Nassar: probably from like 2 to 5 when everyone's home and my husband and I are still working on the computers and stuff.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got you. And like do you know if like electricity is cheaper at a certain time of the day where you
Jennifer Nassar: Um, I think it's just most expensive from in the summertime 5 to 8 and
Amber Fu: live?
Jennifer Nassar: I think it's in the winter from 4 to 9. I think it's more expensive during those time periods.
Amber Fu: But have you ever like tried to use those like cheaper hours to do some like laundry or like things like
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah, that's what I was saying.
Amber Fu: that?
 
 
00:10:44
 
Jennifer Nassar: Like this this year the first this is the first year we've tried that is to just shut everything down from th in those high peak hours and not run the dishwasher,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: not, you know, open the fridge very much, keep the air conditioning shut off, and it did help a little, but it's frustrating to do
Amber Fu: Oh yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: that.
Amber Fu: Yeah. I just need to keep reme remember something. And like when you think about your daytoday like what part of your energy setup
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: require the most attention from you.
Jennifer Nassar: Um I mean daytoday it's not that bad. I mean it's just during the summertime when the air conditioning runs all the time that we have
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: to I mean it runs constantly and it's still 78 in here. It's just hot up here. So we've we've looked at doing other like insulation sorts of thing.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: excuse me, sorts of things to try and, you know, insulate the house and things on the windows and, you know, other ways to try and reduce the electricity bill.
 
 
00:11:45
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: But, you know,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: it's just so hot
Amber Fu: Like Yeah. But like right now like when you like try to uh shut off the air
Jennifer Nassar: outside.
Amber Fu: condition and like when you make yourself like uncomfortable like do you feel confident is actually helping or are you just hoping it
Jennifer Nassar: Well,
Amber Fu: is
Jennifer Nassar: I asked my husband about that and he said it was a little bit less this year, but he's not sure what it's based on because he said it feels like it's based on what we
Amber Fu: okay.
Jennifer Nassar: used last year to some extent. And so he said maybe next year it'll be less because we used less this year. So I'm not sure if the meters are checked or what. He wasn't sure exactly how it's calculated either.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got you. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: So it would be good to understand how exactly it's calculated based on you know our actual
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: usage or a guess based on what we used last year and what other people around us use or what is it actually based
 
 
00:12:50
 
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Well, like if if there there have like the system can told you that maybe ASA may
Jennifer Nassar: on
Amber Fu: only be part of the story and that like a lot of usage could be coming from like another like uh another appliance or whatever and u we do want to know what are th those
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: are. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And uh and are are like are there part of your electricity usage where you honestly feel like oh I don't even know what is happening?
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: Because we were when we first bought the EV,
Amber Fu: And like do you
Jennifer Nassar: I know you've asked about the EV. When we first bought it, we went on like a EV friendly electricity plan it was supposed to be and it ended
Amber Fu: uh
Jennifer Nassar: up costing us more money for some reason because it was cheapest in the middle of the night when the EV was supposed to be charging,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
 
 
00:13:49
 
Jennifer Nassar: but with my husband working from home,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: the EV doesn't need to charge all the time.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: So it just it backfired and it costed us more money to do the ED friendly plan than to just do the regular timed plan. So it would be better to understand the different plans and how it would impact
Amber Fu: Mhm. Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: people.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Got you. And like do you feel like you clearly understand like when electricity is cheap cheap or expensive or it's more like a rough idea?
Jennifer Nassar: I mean, it's a
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: guess.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And like would it be more helpful like for you to know like during the day that something looks off or only find out when the bill
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah. I mean, it would be good to know you're using a lot on this particular day.
Amber Fu: comes?
Jennifer Nassar: And, you know, maybe you have an appliance running that you didn't realize was running.
 
 
00:14:46
 
Jennifer Nassar: You know, with such a big house,
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: we could have a fan running that's pulling a lot of electricity and we just forgot to shut it off or something. You know,
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: it would be nice to know like where it's coming from.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: I mean, I've heard that appliances and things that are plugged in pull electricity even when they're not
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: turned on. I mean, I don't know how true that is or how much it's pulling.
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: So, it would be nice to have a better idea like how much electricity is being used when we're not even home, for example.
Amber Fu: Got you. And like and like if nothing change about your lifestyle but you know you could feel like confident uh confident that someone is watching this and you're not missing anything. Would that reduce
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah.
Amber Fu: you?
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah. It's just a guess how much you're using. You just have to take their word for
 
 
00:15:34
 
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. Okay. And well,
Jennifer Nassar: it.
Amber Fu: and that this feel more like something people shouldn't have to think about it or something you'd be willing to pay a little for just not worry about anymore.
Jennifer Nassar: I'm not sure what you're asking like with the app. You
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Because like if there have the app like can like help you you know to help you watch
Jennifer Nassar: mean
Amber Fu: like like what's the usage today and like how much will be and like will just help you plan plan like the let's say like right now you have a true up bill like 1,800 and also like you need to pay every month like they can really lower your bill like do you feel like it's worth to pay
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah, it would be good to understand, you know, where the costs are coming from and try and reduce that for
Amber Fu: Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: sure.
Amber Fu: Got you. And like does this uh feel more like something uh I mean like if if like right now like there have app like can help you handle something like oh tell you like when to shut off the AC because maybe it's expensive time or do do you want to they can like automatic like automation.
 
 
00:16:52
 
Jennifer Nassar: Um, I mean I would rather it be automatic, but um,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: and we can set the schedule like on the Google Nest. We can set the schedule, but I don't know.
Amber Fu: Um,
Jennifer Nassar: I think we didn't set the schedule this time. I think my husband just did it manually this year, but it is kind of a pain to remember. So maybe if it sent you like a text like a notification.
Amber Fu: okay.
Jennifer Nassar: I turn it
Amber Fu: But did do you feel like you maybe gonna loing control or like privacy something like
Jennifer Nassar: off.
Amber Fu: that?
Jennifer Nassar: Nah, I don't worry about that stuff. Personally,
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got you. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: I have nothing to hide, so nobody wants my
Amber Fu: And okay.
Jennifer Nassar: information.
Amber Fu: Okay. And like when you say like automatic like uh what it does mean to you or it's more like the system suggest and you prove or it's just handle it in the background unless like something you
 
 
00:17:47
 
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah,
Amber Fu: happen.
Jennifer Nassar: like the schedule on the Google Nest.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: I would rather it just do it itself. Yeah, then I don't have to worry about
Amber Fu: Oh, okay.
Jennifer Nassar: it.
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. And like would you feel comfortable if something adjust your AC or usage automatically as long as like you could override it any time?
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah, that's
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: fine.
Amber Fu: And and the e like the EVA plan you mentioned, did that experience make you feel like h that plan are just too complicated or
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah. Yeah. It made me feel like I needed to look into it more or something cuz it we
Amber Fu: or
Jennifer Nassar: thought we were reducing our bill, but it made it more expensive, which I felt cheated, I
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: guess.
Amber Fu: But have you ever like uh call somebody or like customer service stuff like
Jennifer Nassar: I don't know.
Amber Fu: ask
Jennifer Nassar: He may have.
 
 
00:18:47
 
Jennifer Nassar: I'm not sure, honestly. My husband takes care of that more than I do, but um I don't think he did.
Amber Fu: okay?
Jennifer Nassar: I mean, I know he called in to change it. Um,
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Jennifer Nassar: and that's when they said it was cheapest during the night, which is not helpful for
Amber Fu: Uh got you. And like and when you like look at like the electricity bill or data
Jennifer Nassar: us.
Amber Fu: like what what more helpful for you like seeing a lot of number or having someone explain why something went
Jennifer Nassar: Um,
Amber Fu: up.
Jennifer Nassar: I mean, I like to be able to see what the usage is each day because we travel a lot. So, if we're gone and the usage is still really high,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: then that's something we need to address,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: you
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah,
Jennifer Nassar: know?
Amber Fu: that's true. Oh, but by the way, I forgot to ask like uh which policy you are under because in California the the solar you user they have like uh like called NM2 or EM3.
 
 
00:19:51
 
Jennifer Nassar: I don't I haven't heard those terms
Amber Fu: Oh,
Jennifer Nassar: before.
Amber Fu: okay. But like how long you have the solar?
Jennifer Nassar: Eight years.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Then you enter the AM2i. Yeah. Okay. That that's good.
Jennifer Nassar: Okay.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Cuz like they they change a policy right now. Yeah.
Jennifer Nassar: Okay.
Amber Fu: Yeah. So well okay and like uh and like uh I have last two question is first it's like it would be help if their app can you know could just simple tell you like nothing at euro today or this is higher than normal and here's why. Do you think that will be helpful?
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah, if there's if it sees like a spike or something, that would be helpful to know, you know, something I need to investigate. You know, maybe we got a new appliance or whatever it might be.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: Need to figure out what's pulling so
Amber Fu: Got you. Got you. And like how often would you want to check something like this?
 
 
00:20:44
 
Jennifer Nassar: much.
Amber Fu: Like every day or only when something off or like almost never at least there a problem?
Jennifer Nassar: Um, I'd probably check it maybe once a week, but if it sent me notifications, then I would check it with the notification. So if it noticed something abnormal,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Jennifer Nassar: it would be nice to have a notification for
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got you.
Jennifer Nassar: that.
Amber Fu: Got you. And uh like if this app can help you avoid another summer where you you are uncomfortable and still unsure would that feel worse worse to like pay it for
Jennifer Nassar: I don't I don't quite follow I mean I I hate how uncomfortable we have to be during the summer.
Amber Fu: you.
Jennifer Nassar: So if I could be able to lower the air conditioning, you know, a few degrees and still feel like I was not having to pay a ton of money,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Jennifer Nassar: then that would be nice.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Definitely. And you know what like because like we are trying to build uh those like app like early version. So uh like and I I I was wondering like if we have the early version app, do you mind I invite you as a beta tester and just give me some advice and
Jennifer Nassar: Yeah,
Amber Fu: feedback just see like oh if this app really help me saving the
Jennifer Nassar: that's fine.
Amber Fu: money.
Jennifer Nassar: Sure.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. That would be appreciate and and thank you.