00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Uh hello. Uh hello. Can you hear me? Um, hi. Sorry, I can't I can't really hear you. I think your mic is mute. Oh, hi. Yes. Yes. Here we go. Hi. Uh, how's your day going so far?
Maya: My day is super fine.
Amber Fu: Thank you. Thank you. Well, thanks again, you know, for making time for this. I know everyone's busy like especially before the Christmas and no pressure at all. This is like super casual and uh let me introduce myself a little bit. My name is Amber and I'm the one of the founder. Well, I start this because I couldn't figure out why my own electricity bill were so crazy and I realized a lot of my friend are dealing with the same thing. So, basically we're just a small team based in LA. uh just you know bunch of tech folk who also get hit with a crazy electricity bill. So we're trying to building an app that helps people save money on their daily energy use uh but without changing their lifestyle.
 
 
00:04:34
 
Amber Fu: So I love to understand how you home use electricity daytoday so we can figure out like what would actually help. Yes. And well um and before we guys we get start would you be okay if I record this call? It's just help me make sure I don't miss anything you said but totally option.
Maya: Oh yeah, I'm Maya.
Amber Fu: Yes. Yeah. Uh do do you remind uh like do you mind I record this call or it's fine if uh it's totally option.
Maya: Yeah, you can. You can feel free.
Amber Fu: Okay, thank you. Uh give me a second. Okay, cool. So uh let's start. And you know before we jump into the energy stuff I love to get quick sense of your household just you know to understand your setup bit better. Uh nothing personal just whatever you're comfortable sharing with. So um just I understand your home setup like how many people live in your home right now?
Maya: Okay. I live in a single family home.
 
 
00:06:07
 
Amber Fu: Okay, got it.
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And and how how how like what kind of home is it like? Okay, so it's a single family home, but how big is it like roughly? I don't need exactly number just you know it just have some picture on it like
Maya: It's just me, my husband, and my daughter who is 2 years old.
Amber Fu: okay and how how big that house is like like three bedroom or
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: like Okay,
Maya: It's a
Amber Fu: got it. Got it.
Maya: twobedroom.
Amber Fu: And do you guys mostly work from home or is everyone fly in and out all day?
Maya: I'm a stay at home mom and my husband goes to work.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And um would you say your home is always like busy or quiet most days?
Maya: Since I'm a home stay mom, it's quite quiet.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Maya: It's not that busy. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And you know, by the way, I noticed that you got a full setup like the solar uh power wall and the
 
 
00:07:17
 
Maya: Yeah,
Amber Fu: EV, right?
Maya: sure. Sure.
Amber Fu: Okay. Well,
Maya: Sure.
Amber Fu: uh I I I was wondering like what originally got you into the solar?
Maya: Sure.
Amber Fu: Yeah. like why you decide to have a solar at the first place.
Maya: Oh, it's quite saving. I love it.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Maya: Saving.
Amber Fu: Okay. Um and may I ask like how long you have it?
Maya: for two years now.
Amber Fu: Oh, 12 years.
Maya: Two two years. Two years.
Amber Fu: Oh, two years. Oh, okay. So I believe So I think you're under the EM3 policy or
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: NM2. Oh, is it three or two? Uh so uh cuz they have like a two policy. The one is called the NEM2 another is NM3 is the upgrade. So I was wondering like uh for the solar user like which policy you are under.
Maya: I'm not familiar with that one.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. It's okay. It's okay.
 
 
00:08:54
 
Amber Fu: And well um and so you got the solar first and then the power wall, right?
Maya: Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it.
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And what what push you to add the power wall like you know since you have a solar like why you decide to think oh I I should have a power wall.
Maya: I wanted to reduce the monthly electricity
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it.
Maya: bill.
Amber Fu: And uh and I noticed that you have a EV also. I uh how many EV do you have?
Maya: One
Amber Fu: Okay. So the is also from the Tesla or is a different brand?
Maya: It's
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And well um uh since like you leave with those system
Maya: fun.
Amber Fu: for a while are are uh are you happy with it or can you think anything you're not super happy with?
Maya: I'm quite happy. Can't complain. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. And uh do do you mind ask like how much you pay your electricity bill per
 
 
00:10:19
 
Maya: Oh,
Amber Fu: month?
Maya: my my husband cut us for it. So, I can't say the the actual
Amber Fu: Okay.
Maya: amount.
Amber Fu: But around like 100 or like under 100.
Maya: not lie and I won't I don't
Amber Fu: Okay.
Maya: lie.
Amber Fu: Okay. And um so I because I noticed that you have a a different the EV is a different brand, right?
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And you're like how uh when like when you're usually charge
Maya: Mhm.
Amber Fu: charging like during the night or like the
Maya: Yes. Mhm.
Amber Fu: daytime.
Maya: during the night because of because I usually charges my my EV during the night because I need I don't know the electricity
Amber Fu: Okay.
Maya: bill to hype you know it's very expensive very costly
Amber Fu: Okay. Yes. Yes. And uh so uh like have
Maya: She?
Amber Fu: you ever tried uh charging during the daytime using the solar?
Maya: Yes. But only
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh because because you know like some people they think you know during like the sunny day they
 
 
00:11:36
 
Maya: once.
Amber Fu: have a extra energy from the solar so they can use it for free and they try to you know do like the charging during the daytime using their solar uh can save a lot of money. And have you like tried to do that before?
Maya: Sorry.
Amber Fu: Uh so have you tried to you know uh uh uh uh charge the uh charge the car EV car during the daytime like using the
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: solar.
Maya: Yeah. I use it because the solar and the power home they store the energy so
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Maya: it's quite less costly.
Amber Fu: Oh, got it. Got it. And well, do you feel like you understand how the solar battery and EV actually work
Maya: Yep.
Amber Fu: together or is it something you husband mostly managing?
Maya: He manages he manages it.
Amber Fu: Okay,
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: got it. Got it.
Maya: Sometimes you know I have a toddler so I concentrate mostly on the
Amber Fu: Uh-huh.
Maya: baby.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it.
 
 
00:12:57
 
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And what does that ever make you feel like a little unsure like you know you're not totally sure what's happening but you
Maya: Yeah, sometimes.
Amber Fu: try uh just just you know just sometime like
Maya: Sorry.
Amber Fu: you don't really you're not really sure like what happening and and
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: have you ever been told like whether charging at night or during the day is actually cheaper for your setup.
Maya: During the night, it's quite cheap cuz when you use the
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Maya: day,
Amber Fu: Got it.
Maya: it's going to be expensive because you'll be using the electricity and the electricity here is very expensive
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Maya: during the day.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Maya: That's why I charge it over the night with the
Amber Fu: Got it. Okay. Got it.
Maya: solar.
Amber Fu: And would it surprise you if like a charging during the day with the solar would actually be cheaper sometime?
Maya: Yeah, definitely.
Amber Fu: Okay. And well and if there have app like simply told you that oh now is the cheapest time to charge would that makes things
 
 
00:14:13
 
Maya: Yes,
Amber Fu: easier?
Maya: I would really like because it can be having the remainders of me to charge and also I could monitor my EV and power at one place. It will be interesting.
Amber Fu: Got it.
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And like since you are home during the day, do you ever think about like when it's okay to run things like laundry or dishwasher?
Maya: for that. For that I normally uses them at night because it is going to be less
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it.
Maya: costy.
Amber Fu: And uh so like so and what does having the power work give you emotionally peace of mind like saving or just feeling more you know uh like you know have a backup power something like that safer.
Maya: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And and do do you ever check the battery level or do you you mostly just trust it there?
Maya: Really very real.
Amber Fu: Okay. And would you would it help if like there have a system can told you like oh everything's running normally today you know or like oh uh something's went wrong like if they have a system can uh remind you and told you like everything do you think that'll be helpful
 
 
00:15:46
 
Maya: Yeah. very very very and
Amber Fu: okay okay and and would you prefer the
Maya: shades.
Amber Fu: system to just decide the best time for you or do you still want to choose?
Maya: I'll just
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Maya: choose
Amber Fu: And and if they're like the system made those decision automatically and save you money, would would would you be like comfortable with that?
Maya: Very
Amber Fu: Okay, got it.
Maya: comfortable.
Amber Fu: And and if one thing about your home energy could be handled automatically forever, what would you never want to think about it again?
Maya: Hey, the struggles cuz the struggles are real.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And well, does energy like feel like something you want to managing or something you just want to work in the background?
Maya: I would like to manage it. Managing would be quite
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. Got it.
Maya: interesting.
Amber Fu: And um like do you like I I will like one last question is like um do you think do you wish or do you think you like when you change some behave in real life like you know uh pick some cheap a cheaper time to do the laundry or dishwash or like use the solar first to charge your EV can lower your fail and do do you like if there have an app can help you
 
 
00:17:32
 
Amber Fu: do all those stuff do you willing should try it
Maya: Yeah, definitely. I would be willing.
Amber Fu: okay got it and and u and okay I think one thing like do you like do you have a a AC at your house oh no Easy.
Maya: No, no.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And uh which applies you think it is the biggest money eater in your house like like like which applies in your home using more electricity? You think?
Maya: My washing
Amber Fu: Oh, washing machine. Okay. Got it. Got it.
Maya: machine
Amber Fu: And and but and when when you usually do the laundry like what during what time?
Maya: at night.
Amber Fu: Oh, at night. Got it.
Maya: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. Okay. Got it. Okay. Well, sure. And uh and thank thanks again to you know help me go through the your your day and well you gave gave me like exactly the kind of real world content and uh we we need to help home run cheaper and smarter and I really appreciate and and one last thing is like once we have a early version of app ready would would you be open to try it out as a beta tester uh you know basically just using it in your daily life and telling us like what do you feel good or what do you feel annoying and your feedback would be super valuable for us.
Maya: Yeah, I'm open. I'm open. I'll be
Amber Fu: Sure. Sure. That'd be perfect. I appreciate and uh and thank you again and please keep in touch. Thank you. Thank you.