00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Thank you. Hello. Hi. Hi. How's your day going?
Millicent Dona: Oh, good. How are
Amber Fu: Good. Good.
Millicent Dona: you?
Amber Fu: Well, nice. Thanks for making time for this. Um, yeah,
Millicent Dona: Okay.
Amber Fu: I know everyone's busy, so no pressure at all. This is uh like super super casual.
Millicent Dona: Okay. Okay. No problem.
Amber Fu: Okay. Well, uh, let me introduce myself a little bit. Uh, my name is Amber and, um, I'm one of the founder and I started this because I couldn't, you know, figure out why my own electricity bill were so crazy and I realized a lot of my friend are dealing with the same thing. Um, so, you know, we are trying to building an app that help people save money on their daily energy use but without changing their lifestyles. So I love I love understand you know how your home use electricity dayto day so we can figure out what actually help.
 
 
00:04:59
 
Amber Fu: Okay, perfect.
Millicent Dona: Okay.
Amber Fu: And uh before we get start would you be okay if I record this call? It just help me make sure I don't miss anything you said but it's totally option.
Millicent Dona: Uh, it's okay. No problem.
Amber Fu: Okay, sure. Thanks. Okay, give me a sec. Okay, sure. Let's start. And um so before we jump into the energy stuff, I love to get some quick sense of your household. Just understand you said a bit better. Uh nothing personal, just whatever you're comfortable sharing. Um so, uh h so how many people leaving your home right now?
Millicent Dona: I would say uh five.
Amber Fu: Uh-huh. Okay.
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And um how how big your uh your house roughly? How how big is it?
Millicent Dona: M I don't know how I should refresh this but my my places are quite big you know like uh it's a large family and yeah it's just a big household like um horn you
 
 
00:06:19
 
Amber Fu: Got it.
Millicent Dona: know
Amber Fu: Got it. And uh well I just try to you know imagine like what your daily electricity world look like. So uh do you mostly work from home or is everyone fly in and out all day?
Millicent Dona: uh I say like uh mostly it's uh we work from home like literally I personally I work from home uh same case my husband like is into uh farming so in the ranch he's literally at home. So yeah, in short we all work from
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it.
Millicent Dona: home.
Amber Fu: And like what kind of schedule do you normally have? Is this pretty constant or all over the place? Wait to week.
Millicent Dona: Um the schedule is everyone has is on a odd schedule like when it comes to me of course I we personally work from home right so uh I say the same the same schedule cuz I every morning you just do your home stuff and uh we meet during like evening time like that's when we initial work.
 
 
00:07:46
 
Millicent Dona: So just the same.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it.
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And uh like would you say your home is like always busy or like more quiet most time?
Millicent Dona: Uh I would say like uh my home is uh normally busy because uh the fact that we all was work from home and the fact that into farming you know so it's yeah literally a bit
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And perfect.
Millicent Dona: busy
Amber Fu: Thanks for sharing that. And by the way, I noticed that you uh I think you have a so solar.
Millicent Dona: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Millicent Dona: Sure.
Amber Fu: Solar and the power wall. Okay.
Millicent Dona: Yes.
Amber Fu: and uh uh the EV, right?
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. Uh I was wondering like uh what originally got you into the solar
Millicent Dona: I want to say you know like when we are in filming uh it's uh it's a bit expensive like or maintain you know like maybe during the harvest period let's say you harvesting like uh uh sensitive uh foods like maybe carrots you know such stuff when it comes to storage like it was a bit uh critical for us because the electricity was quite high in order.
 
 
00:09:21
 
Millicent Dona: So we found it good like maybe we have another order that you like to save the cost for us.
Amber Fu: Got it. And and uh uh like and then the power wall like what push you to add the power wall?
Millicent Dona: Uh I say like uh for me I feel like purple or it's I know it's something that's changeable like you know it is you can use it at home and yeah you it's literally it starts like energy maybe like from this like solar panels and the fact that You can use this because electricity prices, you know, they're quite high. So, and you can charge maybe the system like during the day and you can use it like supply power like when it's needed maybe in when you storage like things like food and when you use like maybe like machines at home. So, yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And and uh how many Eevee do you have?
Millicent Dona: Uh I don't say uh two at the
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Millicent Dona: moment.
Amber Fu: Got it.
 
 
00:10:45
 
Amber Fu: And uh when do you usually charge? Like at night or like daytime solar.
Millicent Dona: We have like an alternative like uh schedule like you just we just get to alternate you know uh and charge either during the day or during the night. So it's just any is just okay with us.
Amber Fu: Okay. And what's the one thing like you wish you didn't have to think about it in your energy setup? Like anything like eay charging time or whatever the what else?
Millicent Dona: Uh the whole can you tell the only thing like I wish like maybe I did earlier is maybe installing the solar panel like quite earlier cuz honestly guys it has been a lifesaver you know. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Millicent Dona: So that's one thing that I just wish like I edited quite
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And well,
Millicent Dona: hard
Amber Fu: um, since like you leave this little system for a while, are they doing good or can you think anything you're not super happy with?
 
 
00:12:08
 
Millicent Dona: uh compared to before I say like I'm uh I'm good. I'm happy liquid
Amber Fu: Okay.
Millicent Dona: now.
Amber Fu: And uh do mind I ask uh how much you pay right now for your electricity
Millicent Dona: Um,
Amber Fu: bill.
Millicent Dona: right now I just feel like maybe like uh $50 to $100 per
Amber Fu: Okay.
Millicent Dona: month.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay. And uh and for like the EV charging,
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: have you ever uh have the problem like need to decide which one need to be charged first?
Millicent Dona: No. The fact that we we work off don't have
Amber Fu: Oh,
Millicent Dona: the Yes,
Amber Fu: okay. You Oh, okay. So you got the two EV charging, right? Okay. Got it. Got it.
Millicent Dona: it's
Amber Fu: And well uh do you mind I ask like uh which company you're using right now for the energy company?
Millicent Dona: Tesla.
Amber Fu: Uh I'm sorry what?
Millicent Dona: You asking me about the the
Amber Fu: Yeah,
 
 
00:13:40
 
Millicent Dona: car.
Amber Fu: the company company like the energy company like PGE
Millicent Dona: Oh, the
Amber Fu: or like
Millicent Dona: um I'm just listening like this Tesla power wall.
Amber Fu: okay and and um if there anything you still double check just to feel safe even if everything uh You really works.
Millicent Dona: Maybe just uh like using you know like a proper like personal protective equipment ensure there's safety like uh for both maybe like technicians and
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Millicent Dona: uh like when it comes to
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And and uh even though like things are better now,
Millicent Dona: properties.
Amber Fu: is there like anything you still find yourself checking or worrying about once in a while?
Millicent Dona: Yeah. Yeah. Like um of course like you just have to to get married, you know, like uh like you just have to be cautious of how other people are just enduring the the installation maybe just the the the backup and all that. So for me it's it's it's a big worry because this this is an it's like an investment for us you know so just have to be very keen and careful of what is happening.
 
 
00:15:34
 
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And well, like in your household, who usually keeps on keep an eye on energy? Is it most mostly you or do anothers help?
Millicent Dona: Uh, it's mostly my husband Go ahead to
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh Okay.
Millicent Dona: that.
Amber Fu: And well, have have there ever been like a moment when like EV wasn't charged enough when someone need
Millicent Dona: Yeah. Yeah. Of course.
Amber Fu: it?
Millicent Dona: There are those days like maybe you just um you just from work you just feel overwhelmed like maybe like you're tired and just you realize like hey you just uh forgot to charge. So of course there's moment but they just get to happen like no once once in a
Amber Fu: Got it.
Millicent Dona: while.
Amber Fu: And if like even if doesn't happen often, does that possibly ever cross your mind?
Millicent Dona: Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. And like do you do you feel like you like fully understand that the power wall is doing or do you mostly trust it and move on?
 
 
00:16:58
 
Millicent Dona: Uh before like I just I used to before got used to hate I used to have you know some horrors but currently like I'm just I'm just okay I'm I'm used to hate like I don't have any like you know issues doubt issues.
Amber Fu: Mhm. And would it give you like more peace of mind if like there have a system like can simple to told you like like oh everything's running uh like perfect today something like that. Okay.
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And well, since you like mentioned uh farming and the food storage, do you ever worry about like power outage affecting like
Millicent Dona: Okay.
Amber Fu: refrigerator or like
Millicent Dona: Yeah,
Amber Fu: storage?
Millicent Dona: like back then I used to worry but right now I just had to invest on uh you know good uh like guards to for for the you know for the electronics. So
Amber Fu: Got it.
Millicent Dona: yeah,
Amber Fu: And is a backup power more about like saving money for you or about like protecting what matter at home?
Millicent Dona: it's more about of saving saving I mean uh bills for me as it's honestly it's a backup you know just in case.
 
 
00:18:30
 
Amber Fu: Got it.
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Do do you ever like look at the weather and they think about like, oh, how it may affect your solar or power usage?
Millicent Dona: Uh, can can you put in the question,
Amber Fu: Yeah.
Millicent Dona: please?
Amber Fu: So like sometime you know have you like ever look at the weather and think about it like oh how it may affect your solar solar or power
Millicent Dona: Of
Amber Fu: usage like for example like oh today's a sunny day I can use more solar or oh today is like rainy or cloudy day probably solar is not enough something like that.
Millicent Dona: course. Of course.
Amber Fu: Okay. And it would it help if like they have a system can warn you ahead of
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: uh ahead of time for example like oh tomorrow will be a cloudy but you still cover it something like that. Do you think that would be helpful?
Millicent Dona: Yes, literally it
Amber Fu: Okay. And when and if one thing about your home energy could be handled automatically
 
 
00:19:36
 
Millicent Dona: was
Amber Fu: forever. What would you never want to think about it again?
Millicent Dona: Um maybe uh this this like maybe high cost of uh electricity bills.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Millicent Dona: I I'll just maybe just like be like the weather. I just wish it was just a good weather for the hotel.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Millicent Dona: I now I get don't have to get about to worry about the electricity
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm.
Millicent Dona: bills
Amber Fu: Okay. And when if like there like if your energy system would be just a little bit smarter than it today, what would that look like for you?
Millicent Dona: if uh I've not had you clearly
Amber Fu: Mhm. Oh, okay. So,
Millicent Dona: Okay.
Amber Fu: like think about it like right now your home energy system could be just maybe like smarter than it right now. What would that look like for you?
Millicent Dona: Um,
Amber Fu: Or like like think about it like if you have a magic something like that and you wish uh your like power wall or your solar can be smarter or you can fix one thing make them smarter.
 
 
00:21:21
 
Amber Fu: What will be the one thing you can you can imagine?
Millicent Dona: Uh I I want to say like maybe just make it like more reliable whether it's day or sunny day. Again, I want to say uh maybe maybe the companies like they create like you know this uh like hubs for us like you just get to to access your your solar like just a more reliable app.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And uh so like when you say like the cost of electricity, what part worry you the most? like it's a monthly bill or unexpected like the energy use or not knowing like you're overpaying.
Millicent Dona: the energy
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Millicent Dona: you
Amber Fu: Got it. And do you worry more about like how much you pay or why you pay it?
Millicent Dona: Yes. Yes, definitely. Because the reason like I I got this slides because I just wanted to save the experience and now of course I have to worry
Amber Fu: Got it.
Millicent Dona: no
 
 
00:22:41
 
Amber Fu: Got it. And like what kind weather make you worried the most like extremely heat like a storm or cloudy day?
Millicent Dona: maybe storm.
Amber Fu: Okay, got it.
Millicent Dona: Um
Amber Fu: On those day, what would you usually do like differently at the home?
Millicent Dona: uh in those days maybe uh I just uh have to switch off the now I just have to rely on electricity you know.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. And would you want the system to,
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: you know, adjust things automatically on those days or just tell you what happened?
Millicent Dona: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. And um and if like something went wrong with like power
Millicent Dona: Yes.
Amber Fu: wall, how would you know today like seeing an app or
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. And would it help if like there have a system can told you early like oh you know your battery is healthy and performing normally. Do you think that will be helpful?
Millicent Dona: Yes,
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
 
 
00:23:59
 
Millicent Dona: definitely.
Amber Fu: And uh so because as you mentioned like your husband take care like the energy setup home energy stuff like do you ever feel depended on him to understand what's going on with energy right now? Okay.
Millicent Dona: Yes.
Amber Fu: And well if the app can explain the things simple would you feel more independent or confident?
Millicent Dona: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And well like u I remember like you you mentioned that like sometimes someone will forgot to charge like when that happen it just a small inconvenience or does this cause stress?
Millicent Dona: It causes stress sometimes like it even if the next day like
Amber Fu: Okay.
Millicent Dona: we uh we had a busy schedule not of course if there's schedule's busy day like it should be a sful day for her.
Amber Fu: Got it. And well, and if your home energy could run like quietly in the background and you never
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: have to think about it again, what would you want the system can take care can take care of like complicate comp completely like uh like just one thing you can think about it.
 
 
00:25:39
 
Millicent Dona: I think I haven't gotten you
Amber Fu: Oh,
Millicent Dona: clearly.
Amber Fu: the so like if the home energy could like like run quietly in the background and you never have you never need to think about it again like would you want this how would you want to system to take care of like
Millicent Dona: I would maybe just reliable like maybe like h where I just access uh everything that is going on and just have to you know
Amber Fu: Okay.
Millicent Dona: to control and I can access it to where I home this this way make like my life a bit like
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Millicent Dona: his you
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. Got it. Well, well, thanks again. like this is like super helpful and you know you give us like really valuable
Millicent Dona: Yeah.
Amber Fu: advice and uh like help us to know like real world content we need to help home run cheaper and smarter and one last thing is like once we have early version of the app ready would you be open to try it out as a beta tester?
Millicent Dona: Yes. Okay. Okay. Bye. Thank you.