00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: Hello. Hi. Uh, Nestle.
Natalie williams: Hi,
Amber Fu: Hi. Uh, how's your day going so far?
Natalie williams: my is
Amber Fu: Okay.
Natalie williams: good.
Amber Fu: And well well uh thanks again for making time for this. I know everyone's busy especially you know before the Christmas. Uh and no pressure at all. This is like super casual. Uh let let me introduce myself a little bit. Um my name's Amber and I'm the one of the founder. I start this because you know I couldn't figure out why my own electricity bill was so crazy and I realized a lot of you know my friend are dealing with the same thing and we are you know try to like building an app that help people save money on their daily energy use but without changing their lifestyle. So I love to understand you know how your home use electricity daytoday so we can figure out what would actually help.
Natalie williams: Okay.
Amber Fu: Okay, perfect. And um uh before we get started, would you be okay if I uh I record this call or just help us?
 
 
00:01:54
 
Amber Fu: I I just just help help me to make sure you know don't miss anything you said. But it's totally option.
Natalie williams: It's okay. Okay, I don't
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Sure. Thanks. Uh give me a second.
Natalie williams: mind.
Amber Fu: Okay. Well, uh let's let's start and before we you know we before we jump into uh energy stuff I'd love to get quick sense of your household just understand you set up bit better uh nothing personal just whatever you are comfortable sharing with so um how many people leaving your home right
Natalie williams: So currently we are three,
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay.
Natalie williams: me, my mom and my sister.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And uh how big is it like
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: roughly?
Natalie williams: Uh, it's a one bed one bedroomedroom house.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And um do you mostly work from home or is everyone fly in and out
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: all day?
 
 
00:03:14
 
Natalie williams: Uh, I work from home.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: My mom goes to work outside.
Amber Fu: Uh-huh.
Natalie williams: My sister is in school.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And uh like like what kind of schedule do you normally have? is like a pretty constant or all over the place week to week.
Natalie williams: Uh depending on the work I have, sometimes it is constant but sometimes it is pretty over cuz I might get
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: work. Sometimes I like I like the
Amber Fu: Okay,
Natalie williams: work.
Amber Fu: got it. And uh does like uh like would you say your home is always busy or is more quiet most days?
Natalie williams: I'd say sometimes it's busy.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And what does electricity use change a lot on weekend?
Natalie williams: Uh on weekend we we do laundry
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: so dry cleaning my dry
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: washing.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Well, perfect.
 
 
00:04:48
 
Amber Fu: Thanks for that. And by the way, I noticed you got a full setup, a solar uh power wall and EV, right?
Natalie williams: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Is uh from uh is all from Tesla or is a different brand?
Natalie williams: No.
Amber Fu: Uh, hello.
Natalie williams: Hello.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Can Can you hear me?
Natalie williams: Hello.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Natalie williams: Yes,
Amber Fu: Hi.
Natalie williams: I can.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Natalie williams: Um,
Amber Fu: Well, yeah.
Natalie williams: pardon your question,
Amber Fu: I just Oh, okay. So,
Natalie williams: please.
Amber Fu: your uh your like the solar and the EV and the power wall is all from the Tesla uh or is a different brand.
Natalie williams: It's a different
Amber Fu: Okay.
Natalie williams: brand.
Amber Fu: Uh so your uh solar panel um what's brand is like which company? Uh, yes. I'm sorry. Uh, can you can you hear?
Natalie williams: Uh, yes, I
 
 
00:06:31
 
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Yeah.
Natalie williams: can.
Amber Fu: Or or it's okay. It's just uh I just try to know like oh what's what's a different brand like come from but it's okay like but when you got your solar like I try to know like what reason make you decide to you know got the solar.
Natalie williams: Uh the reason was because of the cost.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Natalie williams: Uh that one was a bit cheaper than the Tesla.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. And um before you got the solar, how much you pay your electricity bill per month?
Natalie williams: Uh, I paid around $200.
Amber Fu: Uh-huh.
Natalie williams: Yeah. But for now using the solar,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: it's down to about $80.
Amber Fu: Okay,
Natalie williams: So that's a very Yeah.
Amber Fu: that's good. That's good. And well, uh, are you in the NEM3 or AM2?
Natalie williams: I am 3 I'm doing
Amber Fu: Um,
Natalie williams: today.
Amber Fu: I'm sorry. I I didn't hear.
 
 
00:07:57
 
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Uh so so when you like installed your solar like what which year like how long you have it
Natalie williams: Uh I have it for 2 years now.
Amber Fu: in nm2 right the policy.
Natalie williams: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. That's good. That's good. And well,
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: well, now that you leave this those system for a while, are they doing good or can you think anything you're not super happy with?
Natalie williams: Uh for now they are good, but it gets a bit challenging when we have cloudy days. But when the when it's sunny,
Amber Fu: Okay. Uhhuh.
Natalie williams: everything goes on smoothly. And I'm so happy about it because I'm able to save a
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Natalie williams: lot.
Amber Fu: Got it. And are you lease the solar or you pay out?
Natalie williams: I list it out.
Amber Fu: Okay. How how much you pay per month for leasing?
 
 
00:09:17
 
Amber Fu: Uh for the is a solar is a le lease, right? Or is a payout?
Natalie williams: Hello.
Amber Fu: Uh sorry, can you hear me? Cuz I I is a connection is is doing well. Uh hello Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Uh, yeah. Sorry, I I I lost I lost you uh like one minute. So, yeah. I tried to ask is that like you lease the solar or you pay out the solar?
Natalie williams: Uh, I pay this
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it.
Natalie williams: out.
Amber Fu: Got it. And uh so when do you feel your electricity use is the highest during the day? Like what time?
Natalie williams: uh during the day at midday. Yeah. When probably when I'm doing when I have everything the the
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: appliances around. So yes, during that time a lot of it is being
Amber Fu: Mhm. And got it.
Natalie williams: used.
Amber Fu: And uh do you usually use your solar to charge your EV car during the sunny
 
 
00:10:49
 
Natalie williams: Yeah,
Amber Fu: day?
Natalie williams: I do. But I I mostly charge my EV at night.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: Yeah, because at night it is it is cheaper to charge it at night than during the day. So I prefer charging it at night.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Uh but but uh cuz like in the sunny day the solar they have a free energy. Uh why you are now try to use like you know your own energy to like free energy to charge the EV cuz even the night they're cheaper but you still need to
Natalie williams: Uh,
Amber Fu: pay.
Natalie williams: yeah. Yes, you do. Uh, I think I've never thought of trying it,
Amber Fu: Okay.
Natalie williams: but maybe I'll try it soon.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. And um do you ever wondering like if you would save even more with some small adjustment? Uh do you ever wondering like if if you would save even more
 
 
00:11:57
 
Natalie williams: pattern.
Amber Fu: with some small adjustment?
Natalie williams: Yes, I will save a lot more with adjust adjustments.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Natalie williams: Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: And and would would it h uh would it help if like the app can told you like oh you know today you save let's say like today you save like $5 because of your solar do you think that will be
Natalie williams: Yeah, that will be helpful cuz I'd used the money for something else or even save it.
Amber Fu: helped
Natalie williams: Yeah. And that will be cutting costs which is very nice.
Amber Fu: and you said like uh you mentioned it uh like middle day is the highest usage. Um so when you are running like many many applies at the
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: m middle of day do you ever wondering like whether you're using the solar or grow power?
Natalie williams: I think I usually use the solar.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And would would it help if like a app can set told you that oh right now you're using free solar go ahead.
 
 
00:13:18
 
Amber Fu: Do you think that would be
Natalie williams: Yes,
Amber Fu: helpful?
Natalie williams: that will be really helpful cuz I'd be able to know how much I'm using, when to save. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And have you ever used electricity at the wrong time without realizing?
Natalie williams: Ah, yes I
Amber Fu: And um and do you like do you feel like confident
Natalie williams: have.
Amber Fu: knowing like which hour are cheap or expensive or is some or sometime it's confusing?
Natalie williams: Sometimes it's a little bit confusing.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Uh, and you you're I I saw like you're living in California, right?
Natalie williams: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Natalie williams: California.
Amber Fu: And are you at a to rate plan? Okay. So do you know like like in a certain time is a cheap
Natalie williams: Yes.
Amber Fu: hour uh do you know that
Natalie williams: Sometimes it skips me and I I don't know the
Amber Fu: okay got it got it and um would would it help
 
 
00:14:37
 
Natalie williams: times.
Amber Fu: if there have a app can just simple to told you like, "Oh, right now is the best time to do the laundry today, like 10 10:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Do you think that will be
Natalie williams: Yes,
Amber Fu: helpful?"
Natalie williams: that will be really helpful because I will plan myself well and
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: know when to do the laundry when when to push it to
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: another day.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. And has Okay.
Natalie williams: When to sleep.
Amber Fu: Uh, and has your solar system ever stopped working without your knowing?
Natalie williams: Yes, it has.
Amber Fu: And what what you going to do?
Natalie williams: At that time, I didn't know. So, it caused a lot of chaos because I had work that I was supposed to do. But I called some technicians who helped me fix it. It took uh around half a day to get it working
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it.
 
 
00:15:53
 
Natalie williams: again.
Amber Fu: And well would like one simple dashboard to showing that solar, home load, battery, EV charging all in one place. Do you think that will make your day easier?
Natalie williams: Pattern
Amber Fu: Um so well if they have a app can you know just uh there they can have just one dashboard to show all the stuff like your solar, your home load, your battery, your evening charging like all in one place. Do you think that will be that will make your day easier?
Natalie williams: Yes, that will make it easy cuz I'll know what's going on. How to if there's anything that will pop up and easily know.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it. And um and like when like when everything running as a middle middle of the day, uh do you ever ever worry that you may be using the girl power instead of your solo?
Natalie williams: No, because the sun in in California is usually there's
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: usually sun the whole like for 8 hours. So I know that energy is enough to keep me going through the
 
 
00:17:19
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: day. Yeah. So I don't worry much about that.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: Worry kicks in during cold days, cloudy days.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And if the there if the energy could be as simple as
Natalie williams: Yes.
Amber Fu: possible for you, what would that look like?
Natalie williams: But
Amber Fu: So, uh if like the energy could be, you know,
Natalie williams: bus.
Amber Fu: as s as simple as possible for you, what would that be look like? Or um let me change another question like uh what worry you most about your home energy.
Natalie williams: I get worried when when it's when the day is cloudy because I'm kind of scared that the the power may go off. So, at that time, I'm a little bit scared.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: So I try to I try to plan myself early in order to to avoid such cases when it's cold when it's cloudy days.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. Got it.
Natalie williams: Yes.
 
 
00:18:47
 
Amber Fu: And um and like if there can have a alarm alarm uh can you know early to tell you oh tomorrow will be cloudy and uh or like your solar stop stop working or now it's chip hour like do you think that will be helpful?
Natalie williams: Yes, that will really be helpful. Cuz for example, when it's cloudy,
Amber Fu: Oh,
Natalie williams: h I will I know that tomorrow it will be cloudy. I will keep doing some chores like laundry and push it to days when it will be sunny to save that energy. And when the power is a bit cheaper, I will I will use that opportunity to do the most with
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Got it.
Natalie williams: it.
Amber Fu: And for the cloudy day when it's be when it's cloudy, what exactly worry you that the solar won't produce enough or that battery won't last long enough?
Natalie williams: What worries me is that the battery won't last long
Amber Fu: Uh,
Natalie williams: enough.
Amber Fu: okay. And uh would would they help if like a app could tell you in the morning like oh today's solar is low your battery will last about like a let's say like 3
 
 
00:20:20
 
Natalie williams: Yeah, that will really be helpful.
Amber Fu: hours.
Natalie williams: But I'm looking towards advancing my battery to using Tesla because Tesla is it's good at storage and it will really help during such times.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. And uh what battery level feel safe for you on
Natalie williams: Yes.
Amber Fu: a cloudy day? Like 50%, 40%, 30%.
Natalie williams: I think 50% is
Amber Fu: Okay.
Natalie williams: good.
Amber Fu: Or maybe higher.
Natalie williams: Uh 50 is good because I won't be doing a lot during that time.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: I will skip some activities so I can work with
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it.
Natalie williams: that.
Amber Fu: And would you want the app to automatically save more battery when it see cloudy day
Natalie williams: Yes.
Amber Fu: coming?
Natalie williams: I'd really want that cuz it would help me relieve stress.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And and would daily me message like oh today you
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: most mostly run on solar or today you may need to the you may need the growth from two to three hour reduce your worry.
 
 
00:21:41
 
Amber Fu: Do you think do you think that will be reduce your
Natalie williams: Yes,
Amber Fu: worry?
Natalie williams: that will reduce my worry and anxiety because I'll be able I'll I'll be able to plan
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it.
Natalie williams: myself.
Amber Fu: And have you ever experienced like a sudden outage during bad weather? How did it how did affect you day?
Natalie williams: Uh it affected my day cuz I was unable to do some of my tasks and it got me
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: into it got me into a bad relationship with my clients because they some of them are not able to understand me.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And what what kind of planning do you usually do on holiday? Like laundry, cooking, EV charging, battery level.
Natalie williams: So I usually charge my my EV like three times a week,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: three to four times a week.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: So if I know today's going to be coldly, I will skip because my I might have charged it yesterday.
 
 
00:22:54
 
Natalie williams: And for things like laundry, I would push them to a sunny day. So I will I will have to skip them and do things which are essential.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. And would morning energy plan help you decide what to run today?
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: For example, like uh like there have app can give you like you know every every day they can give you like a energy plan like oh best time for do the laundry battery reserve recommendation like so solar production something like that.
Natalie williams: I think if I have that prior,
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Natalie williams: it would really help with my
Amber Fu: Okay, got it. Got it. And well, if they have an app could tell you once a day like everything is fine, you are cover uh you're covered for today,
Natalie williams: schedule.
Amber Fu: would that would that will remove a lot from your energy worry? Um, hello Natley. Uh, hello. Uh, can you hear me? Uh, hello.
Natalie williams: Hello
 
 
00:24:35
 
Amber Fu: Hi. Yes. Sorry, I lost you again for like uh yeah,
Natalie williams: So yeah,
Amber Fu: one minute. It It's okay. Um yeah, I just try to uh understand like um you know like it's okay.
Natalie williams: that
Amber Fu: I just try to I change another question. It's like uh like let me think about it like when is a cloudy day, what one piece of information would make you feel safe for the day?
Natalie williams: So if I know that for example I'm told that tomorrow will be a cold day I'll know how to plan myself but if I don't know I will be reckless on how I use the energy
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. Um. Okay. And uh let me think. So uh so like like during the cloudy day like um at at like what battery percentage do you start to feel like worry.
Natalie williams: When it gets to around 30 to 25, I Yeah,
Amber Fu: Oh Mhm.
 
 
00:26:08
 
Natalie williams: I get a bit worried about it. Yeah.
Amber Fu: And would you would you want the app can the app to automatically lock in a higher reserve on cloudy days without your lifting a
Natalie williams: Yeah, I'd really want that.
Amber Fu: finger.
Natalie williams: It would make things very easy for me. Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And well if could only see one thing in the morning on a cloudy day what should it be for you? So um so let's say like if like tomorrow is a cloudy day and when you wake
Natalie williams: pattern.
Amber Fu: up in the morning what's one thing you want to say see see it like information you want to know
Natalie williams: I want to see information about my battery level to see that the battery level is safe and during the day I won't have to worry that it will go off. That would really be good.
Amber Fu: Got it.
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. Um, but would you feel comfortable if the app can automatically increase your reserve or delayed some load?
 
 
00:27:35
 
Amber Fu: How do you think that will be comfortable for you?
Natalie williams: If it increases my reserve, that will be comfortable for
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm.
Natalie williams: me.
Amber Fu: Got it. And um and what part of home energy cause the most emotionally stress for you?
Natalie williams: Uh, I think the laundry takes off a lot of energy because I have smart light which shuts down immediately when you leave the room. So that one is able to save energy.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay. Got it. Got it. Got it. Okay. Well,
Natalie williams: Yeah.
Amber Fu: this is was like super helpful. You know, you gave us like exactly that kind of like real world content uh contact we need to help home run cheaper and smarter. Well, I'm really appreciate. And one last last thing is once we have uh early version of the app ready, would you be open to try it out as a beta
Natalie williams: Yeah, sure.
Amber Fu: tester?
Natalie williams: I'd really be happy to try it out and see if it helps
Amber Fu: Okay, sure. Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Natalie williams: me.
Amber Fu: I would be appreciate and uh your feedback would be super valuable for us. And please Natie keep in touch.
Natalie williams: Okay, thank you.