00:00:00
 
Amber Fu: How are you?
Sarah Klein: I'm good.
Amber Fu: Hi. Uh, just wait. Oh, sorry. Wait me a second.
Sarah Klein: Hello.
Amber Fu: Okay. Hi.
Sarah Klein: Hi.
Amber Fu: So, yeah. How how's your day going so far?
Sarah Klein: I'm good.
Amber Fu: Good. Good. Okay. Well, so, uh, really nice. Uh thanks again for you know making time for this. I well I know everyone's busy right now so uh no pressure at all. So this is conversation is super casual. Uh just uh let me introduce myself a little bit. Um so my name is Amber and uh one of the founder and so I start this because you know I couldn't figure out why my own electricity bill were so crazy.
Sarah Klein: Okay.
Amber Fu: So I realized a lot of my friends are dealing with the same same thing. So basically we are just a small team based in LA and just you know bunch of tech folks who also get hit with a crazy electricity bill.
 
 
00:01:04
 
Amber Fu: So we are trying to building an app that help people save money on their daily energy use and but without people uh without changing their lifestyle. So uh I I I I love to understand like how your home use electricity dayto day. So you know we can figure out what would actually help.
Sarah Klein: Okay.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. So perfect. And um well before I started uh do you mind I record this call? Uh just you know just uh just just just you know I I try to don't miss anything you said.
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: And it's to totally option.
Sarah Klein: Yes. No worries.
Amber Fu: Yes. Okay. Okay. Sure. Thank you. And give me a second.
Sarah Klein: Okay.
Amber Fu: Okay. Perfect. Perfect. And uh let's see. Just one second. Okay, perfect. So, um well, let's start. Uh before we jump into, you know, energy stuff, I love to get a quick sense of your households.
 
 
00:02:25
 
Amber Fu: You just understand you said a bit better. So, uh uh how like how many people leaving your home right now?
Sarah Klein: Okay. Very people.
Amber Fu: Okay, three people. Perfect. And uh is there someone usually home during the day or is house mostly empty?
Sarah Klein: Okay. Most of the time it's empty.
Amber Fu: Okay. So um so you are not work from home. You you guys fly in and out, right? Most most likely.
Sarah Klein: Yes. Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. And well uh I noticed like you got the solar and the EV, right?
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. And um but you most likely you guys don't uh no one at house. So do you think the solar will be kind of waste?
Sarah Klein: I mean most of the time we we we get out most of the times.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh.
Sarah Klein: Not not totally out all of the days. Most of the leaf okay because uh
 
 
00:03:34
 
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And well just try to understand like oh why you like what reason uh you got the solar like why you uh decide to get a solar. Yeah.
Sarah Klein: my electricity bill was rising high. So I saw the needs to take the solar panels to reduce the cost of my electricity per month or
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. Okay. Uh so before you got the solar uh how much you pay per month? Yeah. One month like uh before you got a solar how much you pay?
Sarah Klein: okay $250. $50.
Amber Fu: Oh, got it. And uh how how big your house like roughly? Oh, how big your house roughly? The I don't need the exact number, but how big? I try to imagine like how big the house you need to pay like a $250 per month before you got solar.
Sarah Klein: Okay. It's a two bedroomedroom house.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
 
 
00:04:45
 
Sarah Klein: That has a kitchen.
Amber Fu: Is a single house.
Sarah Klein: Yes. It's a single home.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Got it. Got it. And uh after you got the solar, how much you pay?
Sarah Klein: I am now paying around 150 to 160. Yeah, it's from a Tesla brand.
Amber Fu: Okay, got it. Um, and and do you have the EV charge? Uh, charge is a Tesla or is a different brand? Uh, it's a Tesla brand, right?
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. And the solar is also uh from Tesla or it's a different brand.
Sarah Klein: Yeah, it's from Tesla. Both of them is from Tesla.
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. That that's great. And um well, since you leave those uh system for for a while, are are you are you happy with it? Like do you think they they they are doing a great job or you think oh I I want something better.
Sarah Klein: Yes, it's it's of great help because it's now helping me to reduce the cost of the electricity bills.
 
 
00:05:57
 
Amber Fu: Okay.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Sarah Klein: And run some some of my some of my smart home devices.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Oh, so you you don't think it's reduce the electricity bill, right?
Sarah Klein: Exactly.
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh have you ever tried to figure out why? cuz you know uh uh I well honestly I don't have a solar uh cuz I live in Pasadena and my my house is a little bit old so I and you know uh if I got solar I need to get a city permission and also my house will need to be uh some part need to be rebuilt so that's why I I didn't get I don't get a solar yet but uh couple my friend they got a solar and uh their electricity bill goes lower. So just you know try to understand like do have you tried to figure out why uh why you electricity don't get the lower
Sarah Klein: Yeah. Yes. Yes. because um most of the times when the when the solar panels are fully charged, I just turn off the electricity and just use the solar instead of the electricity.
 
 
00:07:13
 
Sarah Klein: So that I think that's why it minimizes the usage of the electricity and the cost now cuts down.
Amber Fu: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. Got it. Got it. And uh when do you really charge your EV?
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Uh so what what time do you usually charge your EV?
Sarah Klein: Okay. During the day.
Amber Fu: Uh during the day.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. So you try to use a solar first, right?
Sarah Klein: Yes. I use the solar to char.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Okay. And uh do you uh do you think that will be lower your electricity bill?
Sarah Klein: Yes, because you know the the EV really uses a lot of electricity to charge.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Uhhuh.
Sarah Klein: So I prefer it when I uh I use the solar to charge the EV so that to cut the First det.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Got it. Got it.
 
 
00:08:18
 
Amber Fu: And uh so Okay. Okay. Got it. And so uh like when you like um cuz I noticed that you don't have a power wall or like a battery home battery.
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Have you ever tried to like think, "Oh, I I probably or I plan to get one or you never think about it."
Sarah Klein: Yes. Yes. I planned of uh of taking the power battery so that uh so that uh this when the solar panels would charge the energy the power the battery would just store some some energy for maybe for future
Amber Fu: Mhm. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah.
Sarah Klein: that would be helpful.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah.
Sarah Klein: I I I thought of the idea and I was planning of of purchasing one.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. Okay.
Sarah Klein: I I think that would really help the power wall.
Amber Fu: What brand is also cast? Oh, so the battery like uh you try to get one but what brand is also uh power wall or like another brand?
 
 
00:09:28
 
Amber Fu: Oh, okay. Okay. Got it.
Sarah Klein: Yeah, I think that will really be helpful especially uh when I have recharged the battery.
Amber Fu: Got it.
Sarah Klein: I would just use maybe during the night when the when the solar does not work and the electricity would be totally off.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: I know most of the times I would have I would have used now the solar panels rather than using the electricity.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: I know that the cost would be cut completely would be very low.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah. Got it.
Sarah Klein: The electricity bill cost.
Amber Fu: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And what like and uh and during the day like uh like which hour you feel like is a business electricity wise in your home like which hour period you think use more electricity.
Sarah Klein: Okay. I think during the the evening.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
 
 
00:10:36
 
Sarah Klein: In the evening that's when uh most of the appliances are on. So I turn on the electricity.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: So uh when the electricity is on most of the appliances in the house are use the electricity.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Okay.
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And um and what like which applies do you think is the biggest money eater in your home?
Sarah Klein: Okay. the refrigerators and also the the EV.
Amber Fu: Oh, the EV. Right.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Right. Yes.
Sarah Klein: But mostly the EV just consumes a lot of electricity.
Amber Fu: Yes.
Sarah Klein: That's why I saw it better to buy the solar panels.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Got it. Got it. And well, if if you think about your solar overall, uh do you feel your home use most of it or does a lot get sent back to the girl?
Sarah Klein: Okay. It's no I I think it's most of them is sent back to the ground because uh you know you know most of the time when I'm not at home uh we don't use the the solar but in the
 
 
00:11:50
 
Amber Fu: Uh-huh.
Sarah Klein: evening you know when the when the sun is not is just set so that's when we use the electricity so you don't use most of the times maybe I can just say most Most of the time when we
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah.
Sarah Klein: use the solar panels is during the weekends or holidays when we are we are at home.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: That's when we maximize the solar panels.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it. And um so do you know like if electricity is the cheaper at a certain time of the day where you live?
Sarah Klein: No. low.
Amber Fu: You uh they they have like a toou plan like they they have like a cheaper hour and expensive hour. Do do you know that?
Sarah Klein: I I think because uh there's no specific power that's cheap or or it's expensive because it on the electricity just depends on how you you use to consume maybe from from this uh appliances
Amber Fu: Mhm. Uh-huh.
Sarah Klein: or maybe warming the some water or any anything that you use the electricity that's how it will consumed and that's how the cost will be will be read from the electricity bill.
 
 
00:13:12
 
Amber Fu: Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. Uh so do mind that I I ask like uh which uh company you're using right now uh the electricity uh company energy and uh the company which company you're using Addison
Sarah Klein: Yes. Per.
Amber Fu: uh the uh the the company the energy like the energy company like which company you're using right now is a PGE or the Edison LDWP.
Sarah Klein: No, I I just use the LWP.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Okay. So, so uh so they are like the is a uh flat rate plan or they have like a toou plan.
Sarah Klein: Yes, it's a
Amber Fu: Uh do you know the toou? Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And um so uh like how many uh app do you using right now? Like the Tesla only one app, right? The Tesla app.
Sarah Klein: No, I I just use uh three apps, three applications. There is the Tesla app and also there is the the home integration apps and also I use the although I don't use the the power wall monitor but I I mean I got the power wall monitor but I
 
 
00:14:46
 
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. What?
Sarah Klein: don't use it since I don't have the power wall battery. So I just I just installed it because uh I just wanted to know how it works you know but I've just understood this so that when I when I just purchase the power wall battery it would be easier
Amber Fu: Uh-huh. Mhm. Okay. Got it. Got it. And Mhm.
Sarah Klein: for me.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And um so uh when you said most of the solar is sent back to the world and um how do you feel when you say like most your solar being sent back to the world? Do you think it's a wasting the money?
Sarah Klein: No, you know, uh I don't I don't feel bad because, you know, I don't pay for the, you know, the solo comes from the sun. So when it goes back, that's not a waste of time.
Amber Fu: Uh-huh.
Sarah Klein: I can just say maybe it's a waste of money when I I purchased the solar.
 
 
00:16:07
 
Amber Fu: Oh, yeah.
Sarah Klein: Yeah, it would be if it when I purchased it.
Amber Fu: Okay, got it. How much you'll pay for the solar? How much you'll pay for the solar? Yes. Yes.
Sarah Klein: Okay. I 850. I purchased them for $850.
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Got it.
Sarah Klein: Yeah. So it it's not a waste of uh resources because I don't pay right now.
Amber Fu: Um and Mhm.
Sarah Klein: It was just a first time payment. So it's not you can't compare with the electricity.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: For instance, when you turn on the electricity and just head on to work, then you come back in the evening, the the electricity bill has just risen.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: That would just be a waste of resources.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. And well, have you ever looked into your uh your uh electricity bill before?
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. And uh do you think uh the bill is really you you can understand everything uh uh on the bill because a lot of my friend they they don't know like you know the the bill usually like electricity bill they they have a lot of you know like uh like uh some rate they they don't understand like do you ever have that problem.
 
 
00:17:41
 
Sarah Klein: Yes, at times. So what I just want just understand is the bill be exactly know the other the other things I'm not concerned mostly.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: So I just I just look at the cost.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Got it. Yeah. And well um if if there have the app show you exactly uh which hour are cheap which hour are expensive would that change how you charge your EV?
Sarah Klein: Yes. Exactly.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And do you think uh uh do you think you electricity bill can go lower?
Sarah Klein: Yes, because if the application would help you track when the when the bill would rise or when the bill would just be low.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: I think maybe during that time when the bill would rise, you just maybe turn off the electricity or just maybe maximize the electricity at that hour.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: So I think it would it would lower the cost that would be very helpful.
 
 
00:18:53
 
Amber Fu: Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes. And well um uh since you said like the EV will be the biggest uh electricity eater. So do you ever check how much your EV charging alone as to your bill each month?
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. And how how much you think?
Sarah Klein: Are you are you asking for the cost of the charging the if Okay.
Amber Fu: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Sarah Klein: It uh it consumes around uh $80 80 per month.
Amber Fu: Okay. $80.
Sarah Klein: Yeah. Around half the bill that I pay is is consumed by the EV.
Amber Fu: Oh. Uhhuh. Got it.
Sarah Klein: That's a lot.
Amber Fu: And would they Okay. Got it. Got it. And would it help if the app show how much each EV costs you per day or per month?
Sarah Klein: Yes, I think it would help.
Amber Fu: Okay. Uh and um if there have a app could you know optimize your EV charging automatically to lower your bill would that matter to you or do you think that help?
 
 
00:20:24
 
Sarah Klein: Yeah. Yes, it will help a lot.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it. And um so you know without the battery do you feel like you're missing out out on using your solar at night.
Sarah Klein: Exactly. I I am missing a lot because uh the battery it's very helpful.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: It would save a lot of energy that I would use later on to charge my EV and also to use uh some other home appliances later on when the solar panels are not working.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Got it. Got it.
Sarah Klein: Yeah. I have to purchase it very as soon as possible.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. So, you do some research, right?
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. And you know, yeah, it's definitely the right thing. You know, in California, if you have solar, I think you got to purchase this uh battery because know the the they have like the new policy.
 
 
00:21:27
 
Sarah Klein: Sorry.
Amber Fu: It's called an EM3.
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Yeah. So, yeah, people usually, you know, in California, they don't have choice.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Yeah. And um well like uh do do you like ever look at your bill and think, "Oh, is that right?" Or do I pay the right stuff? Uh right right bill like that. Have you you ever have that moment?
Sarah Klein: Yes. I had a moment when uh I had the bill just rose uh a little bit higher and I just wonder wondered what what the problem was.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay. And have you ever uh try to call the company uh like the energy company customer service and try to know like why is that?
Sarah Klein: No, no, I have not have not yet.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Sarah Klein: I saw because because the the cost were f were consistently pricing higher and higher.
Amber Fu: Okay. Well, mhm.
Sarah Klein: So I saw it fit for me to purchase the solar panels so that I would I would monitor the the cost if they still rise again.
 
 
00:22:52
 
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Yeah. So, so I did not see any need to to call the company. I just wanted to to get another alternative for the for the electricity bill.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Got it. Got it. Got it. And And do do you know how much the electricity you pay? Uh I mean uh do you know like how much the electricity bill you pay for the solar you send back to the world?
Sarah Klein: No, I've not known but I just can can just tell that most of the most of the solar bills is being sent back to the ground because most of the times during the day when I am out I
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: don't consume the I don't use the solar
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. And uh do you think like if there have a app can tell you that oh today you waste like a 60% solar uh here's how to use this better. Do you think that will be helpful helpful?
 
 
00:24:16
 
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. And like and during the daytime when like no one is home, would you want the system to automatically use solar to charge your EV?
Sarah Klein: Yes.
Amber Fu: Oh, but your EV purely not home, right?
Sarah Klein: Yes. So when I'm not home, do you do
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And well, and have you uh ever compare how much is it cost to charge you eBay during the day and night? like compare like how much will be during the day and how much will be during the night. Have you ever compared that?
Sarah Klein: you do you say uh the how much in terms of money or in terms of uh time taken?
Amber Fu: Yeah. Uh the cost the cost.
Sarah Klein: the cost. Okay. I Yeah.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Yeah.
Sarah Klein: In during the day for for the solar panels or do you mean the electricity?
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. Yes.
 
 
00:25:16
 
Amber Fu: Yes.
Sarah Klein: The electricity.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Okay. There's no It's consistent, but it consumes a lot of electricity.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And uh and when you like build jumps uh what the first thing you wish the system like if there have a app like can uh can help you explain uh what uh what the first thing you wish the app could tell you like when you build goes up.
Sarah Klein: Okay. I would just like to know why the reason I mean the expenses it to break down the expenses for each bill maybe for instance maybe you've used the EV charging and so to show the the cost for charging
Amber Fu: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: the EV and also for the other appliances their cost I mean whenever you use the I use the electricity I would like just for the application to show exactly how it was.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
 
 
00:26:18
 
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: It was consumed.
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Yeah. So that I would be contented with it.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
Sarah Klein: Not generalizing everything.
Amber Fu: Okay. And Okay. And well well how much time do you uh spend thinking about oh when I need to charge my EV each week? Like do you do you need to do a lot of like you know thinking to think think like oh when I need to charge my EV can you know make my electricity be lower or something like that.
Sarah Klein: Yes, I have to think more because I I can't just be charging anyhow how however I feel like because of the electricity.
Amber Fu: Uhhuh. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: So I have to think maybe I would have to for instance maybe two two two days two two two days in a week or maybe once I would yeah I would consider like that most
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
 
 
00:27:41
 
Amber Fu: Mhm.
Sarah Klein: of the time
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it. And well um so let's see uh if right now there have uh let's say the a system or uh the app uh can help you you know uh like handling all the uh timing and all the thing like EV charge when you should be EV charging and when you should using the more solar and when is the cheaper when it's expensive and uh just you know kind of like remind you and give you advice. Uh you don't have to think about it and what's you what's your first reaction about that? Do you think oh that's a app I I definitely will try it or do you have something worry about?
Sarah Klein: No, I I I definitely require the application. If it would if it would be available today, I would just be the first one to to take them the app because that would be very helpful.
Amber Fu: Mhm. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: Okay.
 
 
00:29:02
 
Amber Fu: Got it. And um so let's see um if this app can help you uh lower your bill, electricity bill like let's say like uh per month can each month can help you lower like $30 per month.
Sarah Klein: Yeah.
Amber Fu: And would you willing to pay for this app like you know $5 or something okay?
Sarah Klein: Yes, even up to $20 I would pay because the cost that you would incur from the electricity isn't compared to the to the one from the application.
Amber Fu: Yeah. Okay. Got it. Got it. Got it. Sure. Well, um so and last last question is uh if you have let's say like if you have a magic and you can make your home smarter or like you know you can make your solar smarter or your EV charging smarter or your some smart device smarter like uh apply smarter like which which one you want to you know like to be optimized.
Sarah Klein: Okay. Should be optimized.
Amber Fu: Yes. Or Yeah. Just you know try try can can change a little bit.
 
 
00:30:40
 
Sarah Klein: Okay. I I think uh if I would make my E smarter and also maybe most of the things in my home smarter, I would I would also like uh the the devices all these devices to have their own
Amber Fu: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Sarah Klein: application so that I would I would track the how it uses the electricity And also I would uh I would I would I would be interested in these devices being optimized and to know how
Amber Fu: Mhm. Okay. Uhhuh.
Sarah Klein: the energy is being used.
Amber Fu: Okay. Okay.
Sarah Klein: I think I think the energy saving saving mods or techn
Amber Fu: Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Okay. Okay. Sure. Well, um, yeah, that's that this is was like super helpful and you know, you gave gave me like exact exactly the kind of like real world content we need to, you know, help home run cheaper and smarter. So, um, really appreciate this conversation again.
 
 
00:31:58
 
Amber Fu: And you know one last thing is like once we have uh our early version of the app ready uh I I I want I like to invite you to try it out as our beta tester but it's totally option yeah yes yes we are working an app is try to you know help people um lower their electricity bill
Sarah Klein: Okay. Pardon. Okay. Uh a minute. Do you mean like uh you are working on an app that Okay. Okay. That's interesting.
Amber Fu: and you know um and try to you know cuz when I uh receive my electricity bill uh I I don't understand why they charge certain amount so that's why I try to you know build an app with my
Sarah Klein: Okay.
Amber Fu: friend and uh just first is can lower our electricity bill and second is like I know why I paying this like every move I can explain why oh what's this what's this number and what why is that number yeah and and and also uh I try to you know we try to um can uh explain like all the stuff like uh like when you should using your solar and when you should you know uh using the electricity from the when you should charge EV car just you know remind people and can lower their the the bill stuff like that.
Sarah Klein: Okay, I would be very much interested in trying the app.
Amber Fu: Okay. Sure. Sure. Yeah.